1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
1	then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes . 
0	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
0	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
0	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
1	with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
0	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
0	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
0	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
1	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
0	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
0	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
0	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
1	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
1	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
1	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
