0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
0	a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original gambit of suspense . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
1	in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
0	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
1	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
1	susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
1	he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
1	lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 
0	the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
0	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
1	they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
1	it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
1	in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
1	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
0	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
1	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
1	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
1	halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
0	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
0	 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
1	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
1	as he tries to re-discover the family that he abandoned long ago , he is forced to confront the anxieties in his memories - the family he betrayed and abandoned at the expense of his own happiness . 
0	ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
0	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
0	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
1	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
1	when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
0	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
1	the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
1	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
0	quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
1	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 
0	by turns whimsical and absurdist , babek payami's secret ballot is a slight but likable iranian film with the flavor of a shaggy-dog story conceived by samuel beckett and directed by jim jarmusch . 
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 
0	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
0	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
0	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
1	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
1	one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
0	the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
0	an unpleasant though sometimes effective psychological thriller that is noteworthy for being the film in which actress sandra bullock has gotten her act back together . 
1	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
1	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
0	provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
1	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
0	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
1	when his affair with a young troubled janitor ( kidman ) is uncovered , the secret silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife , his children and colleague , writer nathan zuckerman , fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences . 
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
0	an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
1	so in order for michael's quick and complete recovery , john takes the emergency room hostage until the doctors agree to get the transplant successful . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
1	in a world ravaged by disease , disasters and hatred - a worldwide plan which dates back more than 2000 years has been implemented to show people that there's more to life and living then just waste . 
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
0	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
1	it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
0	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
0	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
0	merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
1	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
1	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 
0	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
1	nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
0	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
0	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
1	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
1	she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
0	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
1	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
0	goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
1	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 
0	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
1	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
1	and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
1	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
0	so infectious , so colorful , so exhilarating , that you almost forget that at its core , it's merely a curry-inflected remake of father of the bride , with snippets of other films thrown in . 
0	a real step forward for the digital video revolution . 
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
0	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
0	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
1	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
1	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
0	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
1	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
1	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
1	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
1	paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
1	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
0	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
1	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
1	for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
1	a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
0	you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
0	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
1	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
1	the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
1	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
1	but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
1	it never hurts to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too bad adam doesn't know any ! 
0	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
0	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
1	during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable . 
0	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
1	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
0	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
1	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 
0	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
0	well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
1	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
1	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
1	suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
0	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
0	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
1	when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
0	nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
1	sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
1	jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
1	exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
1	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
1	jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
1	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
1	are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
1	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
1	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
1	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
1	but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer . 
0	panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
1	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
0	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before . 
1	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
0	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
1	amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
1	the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 
0	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
1	beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
1	combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
1	by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 
1	john may have been an unfortunate victim forced to watch the brutal murders . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
0	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
1	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
1	when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 
0	fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
0	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
1	 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
1	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 
1	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse . 
1	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
1	set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community . 
0	 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
1	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
1	helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 
1	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
0	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
1	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
1	rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
1	after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
1	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
0	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
0	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
1	the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
1	but when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . which 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
1	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
1	familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
1	with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
1	his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
1	the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
0	the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
1	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
1	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
0	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
1	the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
1	the paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
1	working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
1	against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
1	brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
1	the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals . 
1	at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
1	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
0	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
0	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
0	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
1	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
0	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy . 
1	daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
0	a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
0	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
1	'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 
1	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
0	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
0	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
0	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
1	set against the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in their lives during this time of social injustice and world war . 
1	hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
0	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
1	shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife . 
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
0	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
0	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
1	he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
1	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
1	'wheatfield with crows' takes the life of vincent van gogh and sets it in the modern day music industry . 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
1	meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	the fact that he owns the gun of a popular man , who got killed , from that town makes him prime suspect . 
0	a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
1	hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
1	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
1	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
1	it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
1	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
1	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
1	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
0	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
1	he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
1	an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country . 
1	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
0	what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
0	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
0	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
1	meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 
0	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
1	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
1	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
1	when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
1	arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
0	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
1	culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
1	re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
1	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
0	how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
1	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
1	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
0	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
1	his search soon sends him down a dangerous path . . . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
1	his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
1	skin deep is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 
1	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
1	the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
1	obviously a socialist commentary , poets is in turn informative , witty and thought-provoking . 
1	tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
1	together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
0	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
0	none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
0	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
0	it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	this was also a time , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when a man tried to cope with the loss of his former lover . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
0	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
1	and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
1	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
0	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight scene so far this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at the brutal way 'enough' ended . 
1	someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
0	a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
1	this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 
1	deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless . 
0	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
0	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
1	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
1	as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
0	it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
1	this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
1	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
1	missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
1	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 
1	they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run . 
1	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
0	…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
0	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
1	but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
0	despite cramming in numerous clichés , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
0	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 
0	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
1	is this challenge too much for even the amazing spider-man to handle ? 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
1	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
1	testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
1	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
0	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
1	the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 
1	this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
1	all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
0	the movie is engaging and well acted , though , and the pink panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission . 
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
1	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 
0	nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
0	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
0	a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
1	henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream . 
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
1	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
1	tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 
1	he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
0	 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
0	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
1	as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings . 
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
1	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
1	the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
1	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
1	in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck . 
1	three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
0	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
0	one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
1	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 
1	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
0	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
0	somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
1	sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
1	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
0	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
1	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
0	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
1	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
0	most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
1	velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
0	the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
1	what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ? 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
1	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
0	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
1	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
1	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 
1	along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 
1	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 
0	girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
1	yoyo and cheung promise to get marry in order to please their mothers . 
0	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
1	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
1	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
1	becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
1	however , they must ge the migt baby product done before they can settle their personal affairs . 
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
0	it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
1	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
1	but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 
0	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
1	erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 
0	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
0	chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
1	a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
1	the super 16mm black and white film was shot in a remote farm in argentina . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
1	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
0	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
1	standard story of a biker gang taking over a town is not saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean patrcik flanery as the avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with the help of an old codger ( robert forster ) . 
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
1	it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
1	the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
0	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
1	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
0	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
0	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
1	documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
0	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
1	anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the " for sale " plate into the garbage can . 
1	in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
1	apparent heir to the philadelphia paradiso mafia family , frank paradiso , finds himself confronted with tough choices after an assassination attempt on his father , don antonio paradiso ( played by robert costanzo ) . 
0	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
1	nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
0	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them . 
0	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
1	in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
1	after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 
1	an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
1	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
0	time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
1	he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
1	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
0	if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
0	but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
1	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
0	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
1	ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 
0	devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
0	the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
1	he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
1	'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery peppered with some truly surreal visuals . 
1	trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
1	he resorts to whiskey-smuggling , a traditional family occupation . 
0	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
0	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
1	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
0	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
1	this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 
0	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
0	it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
0	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	 . . . the movie just might be worth a rental if only for the sight of watching christopher walken belt out a musical number using only his hand and his armpit . 
1	can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
1	more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
1	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 
1	but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
1	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
1	the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
1	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
1	thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
0	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
0	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
1	an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 
1	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
0	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
1	he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
0	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
1	a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 
1	also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
0	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
1	every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
0	it's gruesome violence combined with tongue-in-cheek humor . . . fans of this genre will flock to fulltime killer , and they'll be blown away . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
0	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
1	straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
0	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
0	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
0	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
0	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
1	shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
0	may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
0	the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
0	 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
1	in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
0	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
0	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
0	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
1	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
0	halloween : resurrection is surprisingly effective , especially the opening sequence featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
1	after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
1	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
1	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
1	not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back . 
0	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
0	in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
0	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
0	diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
1	fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
1	loss is a film eulogy for six firefighters who died in the collapse of the world trade center , sept 11 2001 . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
1	when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
1	they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 
1	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
1	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
1	what resulted is a stirring and emotional reflection of that day and his experience . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
0	 . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
0	this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
1	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
1	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
1	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
1	as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 
1	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
0	chris columbus , the director , does a real wonderful job of being faithful to the story but also taking it into a cinematic era . 
1	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
0	juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
0	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
1	then a final " test " is made to come to a decision . . . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
1	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
0	it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
1	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 
1	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
1	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
0	captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
1	but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
0	its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
1	on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
0	in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
1	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
1	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
0	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
1	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
1	it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
1	there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
0	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
0	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
0	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
1	mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 
1	the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
1	in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
1	but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
1	the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
1	a young french journalist , marina , is writing a report on 'the next film starred by melina : the story of lilly' . 
0	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
0	kudos to director doug liman for injecting textbook spy fare with slick intelligence and a truckload of tension . 
0	succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us gasp . 
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
1	all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
1	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
0	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 
1	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
0	the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
1	on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
1	a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
0	 . . . the best movie featuring the next generation cast , and a movie that's ( almost ) every bit as great as [treks] ii and vi . 
1	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
1	but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 
1	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
0	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
0	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
1	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
0	while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
1	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
0	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
1	he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
1	suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
1	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
1	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
0	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
1	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
0	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
1	lukas and his friends live in a commune out in the woods . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
0	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
1	jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
0	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
1	sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature… is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
0	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
0	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
1	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
1	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
1	this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 
1	the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 
1	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
1	nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father . 
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
1	context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
1	while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 
1	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
1	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
1	in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 
0	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
0	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
0	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
0	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
1	suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
1	how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
1	she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 
1	he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
0	allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
1	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
1	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
1	but she can't escape her suspicion that her husband is having an affair with a teenage girl . 
1	paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
0	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
0	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
1	told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
1	they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 
1	her father invented the world panorama for use by the authorities , but was turned down . 
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
1	using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
1	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
1	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
0	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
0	son of the bride manages to be affectionate without drawing too deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
0	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
0	a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 
0	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
1	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
1	to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
0	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
0	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
1	the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
0	only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
0	a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
1	jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
1	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
0	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
1	van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
1	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
1	adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 
0	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
1	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
0	relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular . 
1	the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
1	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
0	unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
1	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
0	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
1	they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 
1	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
1	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 
1	documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
0	judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
1	luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
1	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
1	determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
1	an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
1	the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
1	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
1	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
0	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 
1	they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
0	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
1	now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
1	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
0	if . . . you're the adventurous sort , check it out . 
1	but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 
1	but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
0	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
1	the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
1	when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
0	perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
0	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
1	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 
0	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
0	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
1	one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
0	despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
0	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
1	charlie is heartbroken when his girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks up with him . 
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
0	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
1	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 
1	~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which they will let themselves be killed . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
1	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
0	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
0	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
1	the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
1	the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
1	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
1	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
0	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
1	over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
1	at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
0	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
1	older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
0	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
0	my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
0	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
1	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
1	just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
1	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz . 
1	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 
0	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
1	in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
1	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
1	sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
1	through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
0	 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
1	bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
1	ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
1	slowly , it changed to love but it was still unsaid . 
1	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
0	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
1	the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
0	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
0	some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
1	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
1	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
1	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
0	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
1	her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
0	as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
1	the story begins in the demilitarised zone between north and south korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
0	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
1	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 
1	chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
1	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
0	for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
1	using two separate filmmaking teams ( an all-white crew filming white residents and an all-black camera crew filming black residents ) , two towns of jasper captures very different racial views by townsfolk in jasper , texas , the location for a racially motivated murder of an african american in 1998 . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
0	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
1	 " pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . . 
0	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
1	it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 
1	not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 
0	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
1	but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
1	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
1	but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
1	vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
0	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
1	for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . . 
0	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
0	unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
0	this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
0	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
0	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
0	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
1	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
1	then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
1	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
0	a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
0	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
0	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
1	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 
1	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
1	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
0	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
1	syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
0	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
1	from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
1	he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
1	after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
1	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
1	amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
1	451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
0	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
0	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
1	one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 
1	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
0	how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
1	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
1	so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
1	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
1	while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 
0	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
0	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
0	bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
0	while soderbergh succeeds in recapturing the themes and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also brings with them a cold , emotionless sheen , a detached air that defeats his efforts to truly engage us . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
1	documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 
1	along the way , their political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city board of education for domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
0	for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
1	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
1	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
1	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
0	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
1	a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later . 
1	rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 
1	as he navigates this decadent new world , he meets a host of characters , including david , an older gay man who desires him , and benjamin , a young hustler from texas who has also managed to find a place among the aristocracy . 
1	as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
0	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
1	but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
1	the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
1	terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 
0	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
0	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
1	who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
1	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
0	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
1	during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
0	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
1	this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 
0	the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
0	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his gut and been less indulgent of his brain . 
1	the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 
0	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
1	it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
1	jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
1	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
1	tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
0	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
1	the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
1	he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
0	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
1	when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans . 
1	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
1	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
0	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
0	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
0	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
1	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
1	he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
0	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
1	behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
1	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
0	it's the extra layer that makes this one , the movie's understanding of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually separate a young artist from his divine spark . 
1	beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 
0	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
1	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 
1	although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
1	he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
1	based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
1	after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
1	just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
1	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
0	a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
1	trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
1	they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 
1	it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
1	a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
1	but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
0	hey , happy ! is great for stoners , queens , ravers and , yes , parties . 
1	caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together . 
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
1	nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
0	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
1	but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
1	the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
1	in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 
1	on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a dangerous mind , though the confusion , in this case , can be pretty sublime . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
0	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
0	it offers an important lesson about how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that lives are lost . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
0	like other almodóvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
0	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
0	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
0	featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
1	when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 
1	john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
1	during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
1	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
1	with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
1	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
1	when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
1	when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
1	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
1	now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
0	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
1	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
1	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
1	otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
0	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
1	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
0	definitely not the knee-slapper that i was told it would be , but enough hahas for me to grade as passable . 
1	the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
0	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
1	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
1	jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 
1	she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
0	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
1	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 
0	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
1	those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
1	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
0	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
1	their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
0	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
1	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
1	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
1	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
1	privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
0	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values . 
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
0	 . . . a rousing fantasy of bloodless revolution against capricious colonial rulers . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
1	through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
1	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
0	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
1	but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
0	for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
1	lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
1	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 
0	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
0	the woods haven't been this creepy since the blair witch project . 
0	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
1	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
0	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
0	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
0	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
1	other strange events soon start happening as well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances of the crew , including some who are dead . 
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
1	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
0	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
1	however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
1	some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
0	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
0	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
0	ms . bennett is worth watching , and her story is weirdly detailed enough to prove once more that truth is too strange for good fiction . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
1	this movie centers around the new pok&#233 ; mon celebi , a one-of-a-kind veggie-like bug whose only kin are celebi from other points in time . 
1	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
1	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
1	edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
0	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
0	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
1	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
1	at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
0	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
1	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
1	lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
1	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
0	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
1	with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
1	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
1	together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . " 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
1	the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
0	just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
1	it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 
1	as things become increasingly more complicated in the small community , the walls around father amaro begin to crumble . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
0	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
1	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
1	teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
1	to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 
1	to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma . 
0	though shiri's eruptions of violence , mayhem and gunplay are every bit as kinetic and dazzling as anything generated in hong kong or hollywood , the film's primary focus is always on its characters . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
1	after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
0	imamura's delight in the infinite oddity of men and women is goofy ; it's also , at heart , reverent . 
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
1	chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
0	nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
1	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 
0	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
1	the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 
1	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
1	it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
0	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
0	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york . 
0	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
0	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
1	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
0	a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
1	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
0	becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
1	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 
1	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
1	scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
1	so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
1	veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
0	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 
1	the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
1	they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed . 
1	when simone agrees to a blind date with oliver at the hottest restaurant in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 
0	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
0	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
1	she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
1	they embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
1	after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
1	at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 
0	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
1	the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
0	the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't one hair out of place . 
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
0	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
1	a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
0	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
1	ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
1	the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right . 
0	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
0	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
1	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
1	she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
0	it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
1	meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 
1	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
1	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
0	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
1	amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 
0	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
0	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
0	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
0	there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried with all the rubble and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles with brisk sincerity
0	a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
0	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
0	speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
0	without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
0	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
1	confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' . 
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
1	forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation . 
0	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
0	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
1	paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
0	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
1	a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
0	no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
0	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
1	he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
0	that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
0	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe . 
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
0	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
1	john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe . 
1	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
0	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
0	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
0	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
1	he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
1	during the course of a single day all three will be faced with the difficult choice of choosing which path they will go down in life . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
1	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
1	 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
1	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 
0	forget other scary movies with freaky internet sites , dastardly murderers , ghosts on boats , spooky videotapes , they aren't half as scary as a gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under the bed
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
1	she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
1	the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
1	however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
1	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 
1	all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 
1	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
1	the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
1	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
1	 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
0	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
1	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 
0	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
1	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
1	a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
1	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
1	he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
1	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
0	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
1	but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 
1	his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
1	in the process they have tortured villagers and something dreadful happens and rupi disappears . 
1	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
0	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
0	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
0	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
0	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
0	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
1	the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
1	billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
1	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
0	 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
1	however when her doodles of a spiralling forest continue to draw themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will see her removed from her dull form . 
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
1	having sought and found refuge within this ancient religious society , sheldon finds himself captivated by this unusual and powerful world and the three old men who run it . 
0	while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave . 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
1	throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
1	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
1	luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
1	one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
0	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
1	to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
1	she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
1	two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
1	hank azaria and vincent d'onofrio also star as does screenwriter/comedienne heather morgan as the canine wife . 
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
1	she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
1	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
0	the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
1	in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
1	he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
0	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
1	he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
1	billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
1	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
0	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
1	numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 
1	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
1	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
1	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
0	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
0	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
0	bold , imaginative , rational and persuasive an account of the lethally dangerous world we live in , the sum of all fears is an international spy drama with visceral impact . 
0	the rookie feels like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of stately , yet possessed of an ineffable poetry that speaks to the young heart of old men and their sons . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
0	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
1	ace homicide detective matt , ( christian de la fuente ) , leads the state in murder convictions , but his job has a big downside - he spends every day with dead victims and that's pushed him to question his belief in god , family , love . 
1	this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
1	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
0	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
1	his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
0	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
1	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in 
1	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
1	after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
1	but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature of females , the doctors hatched the theory of counter-transference to explain their feelings . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
1	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
1	a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves . 
1	the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
0	aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
0	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
1	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
1	the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
0	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
1	will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
0	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
1	using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 
1	after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
1	personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together . 
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
1	now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
0	like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
0	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
1	ricky is an ex-con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . 
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
1	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
1	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
1	she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
1	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
0	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
0	 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
1	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
1	this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
0	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
1	turns out lonnie earl has a thing for candy , and when evidence of this starts to surface , things really start to heat up . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
1	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 
0	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
0	anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
1	retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 
1	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
1	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
1	however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
1	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
0	as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
1	briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 
0	if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
0	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
1	reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 
1	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
0	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
1	and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony . 
1	plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
1	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
0	for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
1	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
0	 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
1	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
1	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
1	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
0	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
1	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
0	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
0	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
1	these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 
0	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
1	and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
1	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
1	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
1	soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
1	jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 
1	a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
1	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 
0	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
1	when he arrives he finds that the cousin has been missing for your years , leaving behind a wife and five daughters living in a small town full of secrets of blackmail and murder . 
1	as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
1	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
0	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
0	a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity . 
0	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
1	although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
1	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
1	they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
1	meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
1	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
1	everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 
1	but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
0	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
0	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
1	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
1	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
0	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
1	the pursuit eventually takes us back to l . a . , where secrets begin to get exposed . . . . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
1	now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
1	they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons . 
0	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
0	 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
1	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
1	with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
1	over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
1	a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
0	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
1	ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 
1	big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
0	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
1	no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
0	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
0	it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
0	…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
0	shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
0	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
1	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
1	aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
1	this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
1	a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they anticipate their time apart . 
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
0	a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
1	fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
0	what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
1	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
0	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would . 
1	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
0	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
0	originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
0	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
1	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
1	another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
0	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
1	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
1	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' . 
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
0	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
0	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
0	iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
1	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
1	arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
1	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
1	she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 
1	they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 
1	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
0	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
0	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
1	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
0	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
1	looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
1	they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
1	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
0	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience . 
1	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
1	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
1	until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 
0	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
1	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
1	he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
1	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
1	financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league . 
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
1	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
1	but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
1	he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch of his sexy boss sabine , who uses him to his libido's advantage . 
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
1	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 
0	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
1	once there , she finds more than she expected . 
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
0	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
1	down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
1	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
0	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
1	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 
1	mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
1	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
0	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
1	secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's . 
0	hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
0	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
1	down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
1	yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
0	downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
0	ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
1	he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
1	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
1	however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 
0	an intriguing , richly detailed look at the early days of hollywood power and glamour . 
1	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
0	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
0	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
1	at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
1	documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 
1	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
1	passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
0	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
1	a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
0	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
0	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
1	high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
0	it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
1	but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
0	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
0	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
1	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
1	an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
1	the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse . 
0	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
1	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
1	 " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 
1	a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
1	using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
0	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own . 
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
1	increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
1	as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 
1	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
0	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
1	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
1	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
1	it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
1	twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
0	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
0	 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
1	big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge . 
1	television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
0	it's sweet and romantic without being cloying or melodramatic . 
1	meet the razor eaters : five motivated , pissed-off young men who've launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on home video . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
1	in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
1	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 
1	four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
1	their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
0	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
1	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
1	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
1	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
1	as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 
1	the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
0	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
0	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
1	however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
0	let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
0	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
1	kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
0	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
1	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
0	treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
0	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
1	the unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and drug use . 
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
1	based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 
0	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
0	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
1	and suddenly , she spots her beloved , wandering over sand dunes and brings the exhausted patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 
0	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
1	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
0	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
0	it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
0	it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ? 
1	during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
0	as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
0	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
1	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
1	soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
1	through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
1	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
1	soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
0	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
1	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
1	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
0	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
0	a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
1	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
1	as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
1	as he spirals into a series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's death and ellen's disappearance blurs . 
1	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
1	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
1	 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
1	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
1	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
0	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
1	she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
0	não encanta como 'o rei leão' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mas ao menos não cansa como 'atlantis : o reino perdido' . 
1	siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 
0	a charming , vibrant , if under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel . 
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
1	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
0	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
1	while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 
1	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	contains the same kind of intelligent class observation that was featured in gosford park . 
0	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
1	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
1	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
1	a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 
1	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
1	set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
1	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
1	although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 
1	one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
1	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
1	even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters . 
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
0	the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
1	on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
0	the film is probably worth seeing for the sheer spectacle of it all , for the sake of obtaining valuable information , and for finding more closure on a story that has always been missing several pieces . 
1	jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
0	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
0	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
1	however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
1	everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
1	a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
0	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
1	meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 
0	a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
1	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
1	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
0	a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
1	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
0	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
0	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
0	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
0	the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time . 
1	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
1	due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
1	but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
1	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
1	after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 
0	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
0	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
0	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
0	 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
0	the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
0	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
1	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
1	she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 
1	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
0	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
1	with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
0	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
1	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
1	an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 
0	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
0	contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
1	the story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their characters risk everything just to save their love . 
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
0	after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
0	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
1	he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
1	after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
1	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
0	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
1	together they travel to england and meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get the imperial seal back . 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
1	niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 
1	 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " . 
1	she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
0	beautifully acted , smart and funny . it steers clear of being a maudlin soap opera normally found on lifetime . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
1	then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
0	[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
1	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
0	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
0	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
1	but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	he has come to earth to spearhead an invasion . 
0	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
1	a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
1	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
0	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
0	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
0	there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
1	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 
1	a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
0	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 
1	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
1	gus sits on the sofa and talks about being the world's oldest pothead , who started smoking in 1936 . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
0	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
1	ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
1	this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
1	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
0	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
1	an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
1	she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
1	in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
1	shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
1	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
0	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
1	but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 
0	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
0	it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
1	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
1	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
1	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
0	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
1	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
0	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
1	eddie is investigated and forced to exile himself from his family until the matter is dealt with . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
1	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
1	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
1	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
0	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
1	they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
1	academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
1	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
0	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
0	those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
1	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
1	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
1	after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
1	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
0	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
0	inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
1	but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 
1	on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
0	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list . 
1	however due to roxie's new found fame , velma is forgotten about . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
1	simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 
1	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
1	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
1	price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden . 
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
0	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
1	she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
1	there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
0	bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
0	a movie that's full of deft , off-center observations about the world of filmmaking . 
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
1	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
1	immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
0	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
1	a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
0	proof that a newcomer indie filmmaker can infuse some new life into the downtrodden loser character study . 
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
1	this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
1	it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
1	bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
1	with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
1	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
0	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
1	hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
1	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
1	surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
0	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
1	and what better place for romance than coney island ? 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
1	keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
1	told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
0	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
1	keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 
1	some trouble of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the last day of world war 2 , one unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are determined to fly it . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
1	mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
1	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
1	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
1	william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
1	when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
0	with its young cast and an appealing balance of uplifting attitude and irreverent humor , drumline has the potential to be a sleeper hit . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
1	two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 
1	they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
0	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
0	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
1	it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains . 
1	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
1	they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
1	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
1	told as if reading the pages of a diary , along with a stunning visual style , quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity . 
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
0	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
0	not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
0	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
1	but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
0	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
1	after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
1	the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
0	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
0	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
0	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun . 
1	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
0	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
1	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
0	i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve . 
1	joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is just coming back on duty ( by cheating on his medical tests ) . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmán does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
0	glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
1	guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
1	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
0	if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
1	if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
0	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
1	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
1	off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society . 
0	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
1	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
0	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
1	tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
0	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
1	dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
1	the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 
1	calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
0	it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
0	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
1	while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
0	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
0	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
0	sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
0	it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
1	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
1	 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 
0	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
0	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
0	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
1	torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
1	he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 
1	believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
0	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
1	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
0	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
1	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
1	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
1	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
0	to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
0	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
0	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
1	things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 
0	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
0	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
1	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
1	the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 
1	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
1	jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
0	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
1	 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
1	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
0	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
1	hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
1	she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
0	a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
1	in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
0	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
1	the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
1	a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
1	mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
0	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
0	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
1	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
1	majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 
0	the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
0	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
0	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
1	unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
0	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
0	the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
1	but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
1	yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
1	this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic . 
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
1	tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
1	but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
1	brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 
0	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
1	she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
1	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
1	jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
0	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
0	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
1	in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
1	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
0	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
1	but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
1	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
1	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
0	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
1	for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
1	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
0	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
0	jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
0	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
0	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
0	o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados . 
1	 " the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 
0	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
0	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
0	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
1	rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
0	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
0	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
1	a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 
1	a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
1	emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
1	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for . 
1	this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 
0	a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
1	the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
1	at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
0	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
0	a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
1	can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ? 
1	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect . 
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
0	painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich , colorful details . 
1	chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 
0	so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
1	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
1	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
0	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
1	he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
1	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
0	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
0	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
1	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
1	he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
0	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
0	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
1	and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
1	to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
1	a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
0	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
1	it is late at night in a foreign land . 
1	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
1	while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 
1	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
1	a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
1	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
0	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
1	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
0	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
1	imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
1	and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
1	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
1	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
1	moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
1	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
1	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
1	all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 
1	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
1	it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 
1	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
0	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
1	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women . 
1	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
1	the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
0	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
1	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
0	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
1	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
1	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
0	slight , but colorful and forward-moving . . . wasabi has the cheeky verve and heart of a shaggy dog movie that is aiming to please its owner , nothing more , nothing less . 
1	each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
0	every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
0	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
0	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
0	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara . 
1	he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
1	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
1	while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
0	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
1	in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 
0	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
1	the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
0	a magnificent throwback to an almost vanished era of epic filmmaking by great filmmakers in thrall to their own passions , rather than to the studio bookkeepers . 
1	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
1	each of the principals has a radically different way of dealing with it . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
0	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
1	tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
0	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
1	together with his men , mcnamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission , ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country . 
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
1	although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws . 
1	john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
1	left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
1	seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
1	when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
1	they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
1	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
0	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
1	friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
0	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
0	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
1	set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
1	johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
1	a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 
1	the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
1	the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
0	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
1	but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
0	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
1	while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
0	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure . 
1	the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 
0	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
1	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 
1	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
0	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
1	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
0	van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
1	while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
1	he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
0	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
1	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
1	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
1	this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
0	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
0	like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight . 
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
1	amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
0	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
1	 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 
1	there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
0	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
1	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
0	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
1	once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
1	the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 
1	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
1	detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
1	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
1	as its 23 horrifying days of flesheating come to an end , the creeper has embarked on its final voracious feeding frenzy in poho county . 
0	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
0	while " real women have curves " suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay , it's a bright looking , well-acted charmer . 
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
1	the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
0	 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
1	cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
1	winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
0	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
1	lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
0	could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
0	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
0	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
0	twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings . 
0	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
1	lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
0	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
1	resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
1	enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 
1	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
1	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
0	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
1	his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
0	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
1	love is a disaster for marie and her best friend liz . 
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
1	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
1	some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
1	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
0	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
1	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
0	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
0	rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
0	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
0	one of the film's strongest achievements is the way it manages to get so much mileage out of such a simple concept as spirals . 
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
0	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
1	lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
1	but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
0	a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
0	a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
1	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
0	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
1	she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
0	the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
1	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
1	after this unusual , tragic experience , paul begins to realize that he has just lost his mom . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
1	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
1	when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top . 
1	her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) . 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
1	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
1	starry-eyed forest ranger , jackie , rescues the hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident . 
1	chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
1	daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
1	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
0	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
0	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
0	this is a very good film , and it heralds an emerging directorial talent . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
1	mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 
1	when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
0	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
0	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
1	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
1	a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
1	he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
1	this is the story of " johnny " , a struggling blues musician estranged from both his family and the country roots he left behind . 
0	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
0	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
1	clerick john preston ( bale ) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
0	narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
0	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
1	through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to finally quit chicago . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
0	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
1	with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 
1	blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
1	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
0	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
1	postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
1	it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
1	but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john . 
1	bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
1	it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 
0	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
1	fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
1	 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
1	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
0	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight . 
0	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
0	the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
1	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
0	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
1	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
1	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
1	only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 
0	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
0	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
0	too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
1	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
1	however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
0	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
0	the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
0	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
0	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
1	a new york city oil company troubleshooter is brought to a remote b . c . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
0	absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
1	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 
1	he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 
1	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
0	the film's saving grace is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
0	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
1	passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
1	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
1	at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 
1	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
1	graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
0	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
0	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
1	in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 
0	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
0	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
0	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
1	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
1	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
1	now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 
1	sam leads the kids in a running battle with the gunmen throughout the school . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
0	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
1	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
1	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
0	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
0	worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
1	but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 
0	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- the kind whose impact slowly sneaks up on its audience and haunts them long after leaving the theatre . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
1	denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
1	 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
1	as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
0	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
0	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
0	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
1	when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
1	but his mentor and " trainer " joe ( chazz palminteri ) , a shady hustler who decides how and who johnny plays , is holding him back from his dream . 
0	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
0	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
0	this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
0	the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
1	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
0	if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
1	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
1	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
1	yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
0	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
1	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
1	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
1	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
1	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
1	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
0	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
0	many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
0	a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit than excitement . 
1	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
1	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
1	but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 
0	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
0	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
1	in present-day london , twelve-year-old quinn watches as his mother , a construction engineer , inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber . 
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
0	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
1	and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
1	francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
1	spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
1	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
0	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
0	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
1	and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 
1	as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
0	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
1	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
1	she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
0	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
1	neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
1	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
1	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
0	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
0	the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
1	playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
0	the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
0	 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
1	straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
0	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
1	she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
1	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1	soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
1	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
0	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
1	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
1	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
0	although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
1	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
0	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
0	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
1	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
1	lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
1	the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
0	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of secrets is to last year's freshman introduction . in short , it's bigger and better . 
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
0	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
0	the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 
0	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
0	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
0	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
0	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
0	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
1	while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 
1	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
1	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
1	in the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood , herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife , eleanor , and the daily grind of work on the chain . 
1	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
1	an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
0	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
1	it is survival of the fittest as the friendships are pushed to the limit . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
1	however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 
0	an entertaining but unspectacular film . pretty goofy at times - but the slick and gleefully self-indulgent violence will not disappoint the action fan . 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
0	it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
0	like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
0	dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
1	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
0	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
1	tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
1	seducing ben is only beginning ; she becomes his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , as her obsessions quickly spiral out of control into betrayal , madness and , ultimately , murder . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
1	his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
1	ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
1	forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
1	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 
1	the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
0	it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
0	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
0	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
0	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
0	aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
0	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
0	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
1	completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
0	 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
0	windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
0	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
0	in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
1	hot on the trail of the principle villains , bond travels to iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in korea where it all started . . . 
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
0	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
1	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
1	they don't see eye-to-eye on clothes , hair , music , and certainly not in each other's taste in men . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
1	here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
1	thinking the young man is dead , a curious fisherman with a scalpel finds two bullets in his back and a miniature laser device in his hip . 
1	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
0	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
1	his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
1	pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
0	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
1	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
1	when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
0	the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
0	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	the film , a follow-up to " jack the dog " , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
1	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
0	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
0	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
1	however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
0	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
1	when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
1	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
1	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
1	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
1	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
0	an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
1	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
1	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
1	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
0	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
1	they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they might be able to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
0	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
1	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
1	nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
0	' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater . 
1	having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
1	a spirit is haunting sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from life to death . 
0	like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
1	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
1	a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
1	reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
0	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
1	however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
1	until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
1	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
1	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
1	one day , his own name arrives in the " perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 
0	rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
1	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
0	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
1	she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
1	lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 
1	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
0	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 
0	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
1	this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
1	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
1	three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
1	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
1	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates . 
1	in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
1	inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 
1	they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
1	by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
1	however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 
1	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
1	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
0	talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
0	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
0	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
1	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
0	though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
0	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
1	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
1	along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
0	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
0	a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
1	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
1	what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
1	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
0	part travelogue , part road picture , part meditation on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary little movie might be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is steamy . 
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
0	the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
0	tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
0	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
1	its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
0	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
0	a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
1	mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases . 
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
1	the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
0	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	like lisa gossels' children of chabannes ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story about french villagers who saved 400 jewish children , shanghai ghetto is a celebration of humanity . 
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
1	also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
1	the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
0	icon-bashing has never been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado about something . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
0	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
1	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
0	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
0	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
1	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
1	this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
0	 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
0	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
0	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
0	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
1	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
0	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
1	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
1	there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
1	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
0	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
1	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
1	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
0	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
0	it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
0	even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
1	the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
1	months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 
1	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
0	sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
0	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
1	 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 
1	hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
0	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
1	will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
0	[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
1	a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
0	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
0	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
0	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
1	especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 
0	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
1	this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding . 
1	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
0	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
1	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
0	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
1	mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
1	after narrow escapes from the germans and a stray mine in the channel , the two men are picked up at sea and interrogated as spies . 
0	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
1	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
1	he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one . 
1	surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 
1	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
1	the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . . 
1	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
0	it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
1	in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
0	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
1	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 
0	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
0	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
1	plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
1	there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 
1	adrien , a former high-flying bank robber , recently released from prison and suffering from an incurable form of cancer . . . 
1	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
1	but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 
0	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
1	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
0	what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
1	upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
0	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
0	we're not talking a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet falls short of gem status , it should provide youngsters with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
1	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
0	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
0	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
1	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
1	rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
0	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
1	when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four " pork chops " ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . 
0	significant for the chilling moments when the children echo the very sentiments that continue to fuel the middle east conflict . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
1	dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of chateau d'lf for 13 years , where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
1	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
1	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
0	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
1	the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
0	certainly no biopic , nijinsky is short on facts , but long on expression . 
1	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
0	reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
1	on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 
0	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
1	as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
0	gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
1	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
0	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
0	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
1	a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
1	decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
0	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
0	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
0	…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
1	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
1	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
0	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
1	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
1	based on the 1997 john king novel of the same name with a rather odd synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned chelsea football club hooligan who represents a disaffected society operating by brutal rules . 
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
1	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
1	the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
1	a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
0	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
0	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
0	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
1	he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 
1	journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
1	candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
0	daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
1	while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
1	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
1	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 
0	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
1	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
0	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
1	while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 
1	the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) . 
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
0	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
1	an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
1	how long can gus bishop perpetrate the scam and remain in the shadows while his legendary alter ego basks in the spotlight as the next big thing ? 
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
0	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper . 
1	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
0	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
0	this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
1	the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
1	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
1	obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
0	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
0	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
1	by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
0	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
0	a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful . 
0	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
1	the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient . 
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
1	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
1	in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
1	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
0	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
0	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
0	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
1	a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
1	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
0	the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
1	back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers , and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age , a stupid sloth named sid , a woolly mammoth named manny , a saber-toothed tiger named diego , and an acorn-loving saber-toothed squirrel named scrat are forced to become unlikely heroes . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
0	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
1	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
0	human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
0	as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
1	after a failed marriage to ali macgraw , a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder , he disappeared into near-obscurity . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
1	as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
1	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 
0	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
1	three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
1	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
1	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
0	 . . . has a bit more going for it than just bikini babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
0	ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
0	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
1	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
1	meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
0	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
0	you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature . 
0	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
0	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
0	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
1	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
0	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
1	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
1	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . " 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
0	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
1	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
1	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
0	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
1	not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
0	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
1	to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
1	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	the careful compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us plenty of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
1	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
1	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
1	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
0	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
0	williams hasn't been this creepy since his starring role in popeye . 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
1	lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
1	the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 
0	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
1	father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 
1	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
1	young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
1	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 
1	 " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
1	their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
1	with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in . 
1	a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 
1	the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
1	nicholas , his sister and mother venture to london to seek help from their uncle ralph , but ralph's only intentions are to separate the family and exploit them . 
1	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
1	when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 
1	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
0	at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty . 
1	will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
1	and the date of his life turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 
1	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
0	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
0	though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
1	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
