0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
0	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
1	blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
1	it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
0	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
1	based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
1	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
1	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
1	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
0	 . . . a vast adventure that bristles with romance , action and heroism . 
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
0	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
0	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
0	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
1	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
1	the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
1	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
0	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
0	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
1	although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
1	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
1	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
0	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
0	a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
0	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
0	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
0	disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
1	on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
0	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
1	raja also manages to go to malaysia with them . 
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
0	although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
1	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
1	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
1	he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 
1	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
1	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
1	when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 
1	matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
1	set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
0	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
0	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
1	but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
1	the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
0	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
1	determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
1	together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
1	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
1	intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
1	the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
1	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
1	the film intercuts between two days , two years apart . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
0	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
0	 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
1	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	his dream had vanished , so he went home and got a job at his fathers gas station in virgil grove , population 28 . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
1	he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 
0	tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
0	one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
1	there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
1	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
1	shown as an episode of " the south bank show " . 
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
0	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
0	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
0	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
1	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
1	in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the decks of american diesel submarines . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
1	salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
0	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
0	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
1	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
1	it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
1	billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
1	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
1	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
1	but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
0	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
0	it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
1	the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
0	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
0	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
0	 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
1	the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
1	lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
1	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
1	sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
1	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
1	as fran's requests become more peculiar , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 
1	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
0	we become complicit in our own seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 
1	with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 
1	he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
1	meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
1	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
0	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
1	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
1	she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 
0	director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
1	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
1	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
0	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
0	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
1	but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
0	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
0	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
0	 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
1	price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden . 
0	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
1	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
1	the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
1	shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
1	a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
1	partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
0	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
0	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a flair . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
1	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
0	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
1	it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
0	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
0	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
1	davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
1	a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
0	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
1	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
1	this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
1	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
0	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
1	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
0	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
1	but his mentor and " trainer " joe ( chazz palminteri ) , a shady hustler who decides how and who johnny plays , is holding him back from his dream . 
1	brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 
1	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
1	as the sisters approach the end of an era , and the end of an order , they search their souls in an examination of their life's work . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
0	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
0	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
1	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 
0	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
0	 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
0	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
1	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
1	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
1	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
0	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
1	how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 
1	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
1	an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
1	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
0	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
1	and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
0	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
0	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
1	fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
1	in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
0	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
0	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
0	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
0	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
1	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
UNK	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
UNK	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
UNK	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
UNK	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
UNK	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
UNK	marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has hamlet , and now tim allen has . . . santa claus . 
UNK	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
UNK	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
UNK	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
UNK	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
UNK	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
UNK	how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
UNK	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
UNK	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
UNK	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
UNK	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
UNK	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
UNK	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
UNK	mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
UNK	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
UNK	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
UNK	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
UNK	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
UNK	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
UNK	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
UNK	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
UNK	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
UNK	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 
UNK	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
UNK	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
UNK	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
UNK	the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
UNK	luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
UNK	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
UNK	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
UNK	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
UNK	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
UNK	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
UNK	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
UNK	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
UNK	down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
UNK	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
UNK	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 
UNK	on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
UNK	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
UNK	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
UNK	they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
UNK	the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
UNK	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
UNK	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
UNK	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
UNK	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
UNK	by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
UNK	as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
UNK	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
UNK	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
UNK	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
UNK	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
UNK	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
UNK	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
UNK	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
UNK	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
UNK	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
UNK	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
UNK	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
UNK	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
UNK	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
UNK	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
UNK	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
UNK	the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
UNK	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
UNK	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
UNK	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
UNK	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
UNK	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
UNK	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
UNK	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
UNK	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 
UNK	in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
UNK	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
UNK	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
UNK	he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
UNK	bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
UNK	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
UNK	the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
UNK	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
UNK	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
UNK	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
UNK	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
UNK	let's face it , even vin's fake tats have more charisma than pierce brosnan . 
UNK	now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
UNK	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
UNK	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
UNK	the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
UNK	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
UNK	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
UNK	unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
UNK	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
UNK	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
UNK	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
UNK	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
UNK	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
UNK	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
UNK	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
UNK	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
UNK	it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
UNK	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
UNK	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
UNK	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
UNK	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
UNK	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
UNK	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
UNK	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
UNK	an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
UNK	as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
UNK	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
UNK	if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
UNK	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
UNK	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
UNK	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
UNK	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
UNK	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
UNK	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
UNK	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
UNK	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
UNK	tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 
UNK	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
UNK	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
UNK	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
UNK	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
UNK	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 
UNK	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 
UNK	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
UNK	wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
UNK	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
UNK	two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
UNK	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
UNK	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
UNK	there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
UNK	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
UNK	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
UNK	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
UNK	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
UNK	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
UNK	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
UNK	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
UNK	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
UNK	he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 
UNK	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
UNK	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
UNK	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
UNK	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
UNK	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
UNK	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
UNK	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
UNK	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
UNK	a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
UNK	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
UNK	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
UNK	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
UNK	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
UNK	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
UNK	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
UNK	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
UNK	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
UNK	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
UNK	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
UNK	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
UNK	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
UNK	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
UNK	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
UNK	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
UNK	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
UNK	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
UNK	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
UNK	as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 
UNK	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
UNK	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
UNK	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
UNK	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
UNK	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
UNK	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
UNK	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
UNK	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
UNK	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
UNK	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
UNK	nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
UNK	throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
UNK	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
UNK	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
UNK	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
UNK	 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
UNK	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
UNK	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
UNK	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
UNK	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
UNK	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
UNK	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
UNK	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
UNK	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
UNK	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
UNK	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
UNK	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
UNK	the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 
UNK	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
UNK	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
UNK	using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
UNK	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
UNK	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
UNK	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
UNK	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
UNK	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
UNK	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
UNK	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
UNK	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
UNK	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
UNK	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
UNK	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
UNK	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
UNK	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
UNK	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
UNK	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
UNK	when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
UNK	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
UNK	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
UNK	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
UNK	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
UNK	as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
UNK	missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
UNK	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
UNK	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
UNK	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
UNK	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
UNK	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
UNK	the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan . 
UNK	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
UNK	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 
UNK	this is scorsese's finest work , and one of the best films of 2002 . 
UNK	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
UNK	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
UNK	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
UNK	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
UNK	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara . 
UNK	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
UNK	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
UNK	johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 
UNK	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
UNK	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
UNK	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
UNK	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
UNK	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
UNK	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
UNK	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
UNK	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
UNK	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
UNK	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
UNK	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
UNK	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
UNK	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
UNK	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
UNK	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
UNK	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
UNK	[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
UNK	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
UNK	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
UNK	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
UNK	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
UNK	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
UNK	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
UNK	the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 
UNK	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
UNK	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
UNK	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
UNK	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
UNK	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
UNK	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
UNK	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
UNK	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
UNK	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 
UNK	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
UNK	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
UNK	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
UNK	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
UNK	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
UNK	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
UNK	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
UNK	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
UNK	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
UNK	their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
UNK	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
UNK	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
UNK	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
UNK	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
UNK	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
UNK	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
UNK	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
UNK	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
UNK	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
UNK	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
UNK	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
UNK	it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
UNK	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
UNK	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
UNK	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
UNK	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
UNK	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
UNK	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
UNK	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 
UNK	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
UNK	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
UNK	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
UNK	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
UNK	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
UNK	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
UNK	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
UNK	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
UNK	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
UNK	they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
UNK	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
UNK	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
UNK	gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
UNK	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
UNK	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
UNK	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
UNK	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would . 
UNK	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
UNK	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
UNK	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
UNK	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
UNK	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
UNK	they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
UNK	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
UNK	immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 
UNK	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
UNK	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
UNK	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
UNK	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
UNK	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
UNK	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
UNK	his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
UNK	the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
UNK	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
UNK	two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
UNK	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
UNK	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
UNK	in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 
UNK	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
UNK	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
UNK	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
UNK	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
UNK	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
UNK	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
UNK	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
UNK	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
UNK	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
UNK	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
UNK	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
UNK	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
UNK	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
UNK	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
UNK	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
UNK	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
UNK	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
UNK	through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
UNK	rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 
UNK	seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 
UNK	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
UNK	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
UNK	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
UNK	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
UNK	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
UNK	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
UNK	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
UNK	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
UNK	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
UNK	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
UNK	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
UNK	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
UNK	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
UNK	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
UNK	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
UNK	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
UNK	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
UNK	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
UNK	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
UNK	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
UNK	it's very thoughtful and it's the kind of movie you have to discuss afterwards . 
UNK	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
UNK	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
UNK	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
UNK	with edgaar's faithful servant , elmendorf , george sets out . 
UNK	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
UNK	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
UNK	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
UNK	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
UNK	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
UNK	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
UNK	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
UNK	if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
UNK	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
UNK	it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
UNK	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
UNK	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
UNK	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
UNK	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
UNK	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
UNK	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
UNK	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
UNK	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
UNK	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
UNK	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
UNK	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
UNK	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
UNK	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
UNK	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
UNK	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
UNK	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
UNK	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
UNK	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
UNK	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
UNK	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
UNK	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
UNK	at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be . 
UNK	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
UNK	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
UNK	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
UNK	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 
UNK	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
UNK	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
UNK	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
UNK	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
UNK	 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
UNK	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
UNK	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
UNK	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
UNK	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
UNK	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
UNK	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
UNK	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
UNK	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
UNK	he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad . 
UNK	he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
UNK	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
UNK	 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
UNK	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
UNK	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
UNK	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
UNK	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
UNK	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
UNK	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
