1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
0	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
0	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
1	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 
0	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
1	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
1	then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
1	confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' . 
0	here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
1	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
1	on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
1	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
0	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
1	the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 
0	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
1	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
0	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
1	their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
1	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
0	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
0	eventually moves and stirs you , even if it often resembles those steamy mexican tv dramas/soap operas called telenovelas . 
1	on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
0	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
0	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
1	the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 
0	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
1	isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 
1	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
0	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
0	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
0	only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
0	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
1	fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 
1	greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
1	nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
1	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
0	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
0	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
1	dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
1	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
1	after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him . 
0	guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
1	van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
1	nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
1	however when sex and greed rear-up between the good crims and the bad cops , the consequences are both bizarre and fatal . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
0	the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
0	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
0	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
0	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
1	at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
1	he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
0	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
1	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
1	looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
1	in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) . 
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
1	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
1	a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
1	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
0	five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
1	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
0	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
0	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
0	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
0	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
0	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
1	lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 
0	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
1	the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 
0	as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
1	these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 
1	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
0	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
1	provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " . 
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
1	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
0	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
1	when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
1	father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 
1	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
0	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
0	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
1	a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
0	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
0	viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
0	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
1	with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
0	soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
0	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
0	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
1	the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
1	but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
0	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
1	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
1	her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
0	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
1	conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 
1	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
0	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
1	he thinks she is plotting against him with their mutual psychiatrist . 
0	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dénouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
0	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
1	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
1	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
0	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
0	a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence . 
0	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
1	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
0	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
1	charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
1	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
0	the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
1	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
0	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
1	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
0	one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
0	there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
0	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
1	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
0	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
1	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
1	after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
1	shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
1	from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
0	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
0	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
1	along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
1	soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
0	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
1	the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah . 
0	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
0	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
1	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
0	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
1	jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
1	jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
0	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
1	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
1	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
1	it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 
0	the behind the scenes series is more interesting than the resulting movie , but it's still worth taking a look . 
0	those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
0	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
1	behind in rent , losing any real day jobs they have , they plan a bank robbery . 
1	while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 
1	stands paralyzed , and she is only saved by the intervention of the experienced climber , lasse . 
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
1	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 
1	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
0	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
1	by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
1	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 
1	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
0	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
1	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
1	after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
0	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
0	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
0	where as many films of this nature linger on the hard , the ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses on the thinking , the love , and even the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
1	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
1	however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
1	 " politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 
1	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
1	as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
0	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
0	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
0	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
1	the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
1	the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing . 
1	or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
1	she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
0	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
1	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
1	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
1	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
0	there's a fine chemistry of contrasts between lau's exuberance and the quiet , slow-burning intensity takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
0	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
1	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
0	the film is rich with colorful characters and enlivened by its strong , convincing picture of rural trinidad . 
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
0	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
0	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
1	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
1	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
0	a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
1	this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
1	he has the wrong blood type to be able to donate one of his kidneys , so he arranges a trade with a group of organ dealers : one of his kidneys , and 10 million won , in return for their finding a kidney for his sister . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
0	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
1	a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 
0	some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
0	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
0	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
0	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
1	as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
1	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
1	he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
0	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
0	an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character . 
0	de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking . 
1	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
1	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
1	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich . 
0	an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
0	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
1	the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
1	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
0	 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
1	after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
1	a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 
0	like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
0	this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
0	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
0	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
1	tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
1	and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
1	an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
0	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
1	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
1	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
0	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
1	when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
1	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
0	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
1	the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
1	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
0	caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
1	his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
1	a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
1	just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
1	together with his men , mcnamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission , ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country . 
1	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 
1	they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
0	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
1	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
1	it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 
0	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
0	it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
0	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
1	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 
1	as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
0	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
0	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
0	throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
1	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
1	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
0	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
0	a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
1	an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
0	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
0	a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
1	this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
0	everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
1	everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 
1	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
0	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
1	as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
1	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
0	let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
1	trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
1	after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
1	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
1	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 
0	 . . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk . 
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
1	she hits her head badly , and dies in the hospital a little later . 
1	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
1	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
0	a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
0	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
0	the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
1	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
1	luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
0	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
1	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 
1	he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
1	he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
1	jimmy sees the tv proposal and returns to town convinced that he can change her mind , however he faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 
1	billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
1	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
0	this is the film training day wanted to be . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
1	viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
0	it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
0	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
1	the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
0	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
1	rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby . 
0	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
1	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
1	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 
1	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
0	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
1	unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama . 
1	and the moment they touch each other for a first time , the fortune-teller's prophesy comes true . 
0	[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
1	his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
0	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
0	what is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already made , and thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
0	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
1	the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
0	compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
0	 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
0	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
1	dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
0	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
0	if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
1	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
0	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
0	an intriguing , richly detailed look at the early days of hollywood power and glamour . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
0	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
1	high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 
0	the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
0	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
0	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
1	in return for a small plot of land , george agrees to search for princess lunna . 
1	nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death . 
1	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
1	fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
0	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
0	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
0	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
0	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
0	the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
1	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
1	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
1	'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
1	can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
1	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
1	in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
1	this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
1	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
1	the murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character named choi . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
1	braceface brandi chronicles the rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 kind of world . 
1	and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
1	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
0	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
0	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
1	they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
0	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
1	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
1	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
0	 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
0	[o]ften a capable documentary on an interesting subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
1	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
1	it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
1	at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 
0	though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
1	ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
0	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
0	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
0	harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
1	a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 
1	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi . 
1	due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
1	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
1	one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
1	a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
1	familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
1	she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
0	 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
1	if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
0	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
0	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
0	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
1	graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
1	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
1	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
0	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
1	boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 
0	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara . 
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
1	gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 
0	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
0	 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
1	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
1	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
1	he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
1	a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later . 
0	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
0	 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
0	the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
0	that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
1	a mysterious video tape is killing off anyone who watches it . 
1	especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
1	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
0	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
0	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
0	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
0	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
0	an entertaining but unspectacular film . pretty goofy at times - but the slick and gleefully self-indulgent violence will not disappoint the action fan . 
0	 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
1	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
1	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 
1	tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
0	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
1	the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
1	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
1	a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
1	they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
1	only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture . 
1	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
1	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
1	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
1	before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
1	the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
1	red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
0	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
1	this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 
1	sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
0	a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
1	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
0	it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny . 
1	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
0	every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
0	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
0	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
0	it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
1	emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
0	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
1	caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
0	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
0	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
0	if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
0	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
1	lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
0	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
0	it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
1	he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
1	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
0	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
1	however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days . 
1	chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
0	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
0	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
1	in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
1	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
0	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 
0	hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
1	and a good portion of them were caught on film . 
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
1	one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
1	but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	the visionary quest begins on the operating table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket . 
0	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
1	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
1	it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 
1	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
1	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
1	you see what he sees , you feel what he feels , you experience the horrible delusions and the verge of insanity as he struggles to find the thinning line between reality and the subconscious . 
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
1	he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
0	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
1	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
0	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
0	panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
0	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
0	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
1	in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 
1	he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
1	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines . 
1	these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene . 
0	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
1	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
1	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 
0	merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
0	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
1	but his mentor and " trainer " joe ( chazz palminteri ) , a shady hustler who decides how and who johnny plays , is holding him back from his dream . 
1	otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
1	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
0	one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
1	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
1	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
0	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
0	 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
0	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
1	but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
1	m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis . 
1	he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
1	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
1	in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , medical supplies , and defense technology has a secret research facility located half a mile underground called the hive . 
0	you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
0	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
1	that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
1	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
0	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
1	but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
0	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
1	during the course of a single day all three will be faced with the difficult choice of choosing which path they will go down in life . 
1	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
1	they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 
1	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
1	 " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
0	starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
1	frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " . 
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
1	finally , the purity of arvasu and nittilai's love brings salvation to the land . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
1	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
0	imamura's delight in the infinite oddity of men and women is goofy ; it's also , at heart , reverent . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
1	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
1	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 
1	the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away . 
1	but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 
1	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
0	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
0	scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
0	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
1	the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 
1	as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
0	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
1	each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
1	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
1	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
0	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
0	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
1	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
1	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
0	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
0	allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
0	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
1	these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
0	julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
1	fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
1	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
1	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
0	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
1	one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
1	dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 
1	three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
0	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
0	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
1	oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
1	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
1	after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
1	the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
0	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	no , the dangerous lives of altar boys does not exist in a state of perfect grace . however , its sins are forgivably venial , because its virtues are palpably human . 
1	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
0	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
1	isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
0	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
1	salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
0	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
1	after baptizing their amnesiac boy-toy chris , the infamous pair takes him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife frolic , their spontaneous media extravaganza and their dazzling diva lifestyle in order to help him find his identity and his way home . 
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
1	a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
1	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
1	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
1	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 
0	the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
1	when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
1	he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson . 
1	the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
1	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
1	landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
1	meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 
0	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
0	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
1	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) . 
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
1	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 
1	however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
0	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
1	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
1	as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
1	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
1	jason must get back , therefore he gets a new and unique mask , and goes after the kids of elm street . 
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
1	this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
0	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
0	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of secrets is to last year's freshman introduction . in short , it's bigger and better . 
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
0	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
1	jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
0	its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
1	diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
1	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
1	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
0	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
0	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
1	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
1	when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
0	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
0	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
0	it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
1	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
0	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
0	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
1	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
0	it has something of the aura of four weddings and a funeral about it , mixed in with a bit of bridget jones's diary , but the movie's just too different , too risky for huge popularity . 
1	as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
0	i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
1	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
1	she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 
1	in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
1	his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
1	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 
1	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
1	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
0	director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
1	it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
0	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
1	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
1	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
1	but on his latest case , the stakes are higher for vincent--the suspect he's investigating is his own son . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
1	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
1	 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 
0	a model of what films like this should be like . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
1	ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
0	 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
1	there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
1	anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
1	mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
1	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
1	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
1	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
1	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
0	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
1	on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 
1	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
0	some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
0	 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
1	in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
0	this isn't a good movie ; this isn't a bad movie . this is a movie that dispenses with the whole good/bad paradigm and exists on its own plane of reality . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
1	before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
0	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
1	spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
1	detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case . 
1	she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
1	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
1	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
1	kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
0	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
0	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
1	 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
0	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
0	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
1	a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
0	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
1	he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad . 
0	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
1	what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
1	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
0	it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
1	after he's dumped on valentine's day by mallory , his girlfriend of three years , charlie finds himself obsessed and unable to live a normal life without her . 
0	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
1	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
1	ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
0	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
1	daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman . 
1	all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
0	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
0	you feel like you're the one moving at 80 mph , not the street lugers . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
1	the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
1	these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . ' 
1	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
0	though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
0	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
1	 " pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . . 
0	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
0	it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
1	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
0	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
1	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
0	apesar de não superar o original , o chamado é um suspense bem realizado que , à sua própria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar . 
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
0	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
1	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
0	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
1	back home , he encounters a place which no longer exists . 
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
1	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
1	however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
0	dares to look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
1	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
1	then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
1	along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 
1	moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
1	in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
1	after that incident matt goes into the woods , looking for dawn . 
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
1	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
1	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
0	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
1	set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 
1	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
1	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 
1	all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
0	while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
1	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
1	they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
1	the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
1	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
1	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
1	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
1	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
1	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
0	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
1	with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
0	relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
0	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
0	for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
1	as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
0	goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
1	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
1	even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
1	little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
1	he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
1	the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 
1	a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
0	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
0	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
0	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
1	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
1	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
0	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
0	nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
1	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
0	talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
1	the result of an old cia mind-control experiment gone bad , felice quick is on the loose and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
1	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
0	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
1	quebec bill bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to raise money to preserve his endangered herd through the rapidly approaching winter . 
0	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
1	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
1	meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
1	only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
1	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
1	in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 
0	a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
1	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
1	steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
1	when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
0	watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
1	will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
0	a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
0	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
1	jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
0	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
1	the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are played by wendie malick and stephen root . 
1	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 
1	after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
1	the bay of love and sorrows is a haunting modern tragedy set on the rural shores of new brunswick's bay of miramichi . 
1	his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
1	when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
1	marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
0	un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
1	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
0	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
1	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
0	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
1	obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems . 
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
1	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
0	it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ? 
0	serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation . 
1	can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
0	as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
1	it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
1	before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
1	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
0	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1	when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
0	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
0	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
1	three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
0	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
1	and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
0	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
1	she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 
1	before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
1	they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
1	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
1	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
0	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
0	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
1	a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
1	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
0	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
1	he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 
0	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
0	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
1	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
0	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
0	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
1	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
1	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
1	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
0	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
1	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	i'm not sure all about lily chou-chou made sense in my head , but it made sense in my heart . 
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
0	certainly no biopic , nijinsky is short on facts , but long on expression . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
1	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
1	after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
0	it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
0	one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
1	faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
1	this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
1	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
1	he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
1	as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
1	deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 
1	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
0	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
1	it is late at night in a foreign land . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
1	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
0	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
1	when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
1	partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
0	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
1	reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
0	the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
1	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
1	nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple . 
1	the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
1	told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
1	he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
1	their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
1	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
1	based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
0	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
1	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
0	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
1	sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 
1	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
0	a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
0	as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
1	the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 
1	veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
1	ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
0	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
1	syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
0	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
1	it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
0	[cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
1	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
0	for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
1	after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
1	forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 
0	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
1	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
1	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 
1	while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
1	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
1	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
1	the film contains colour home movie footage of the film's production which where shot by charles' brother sydney . 
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
1	that same day , gunmen take over the high school - using it to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
1	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
1	a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
1	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
1	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
0	not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
1	a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again . 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 
1	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
0	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
0	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
1	the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
1	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
1	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
0	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
1	in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
0	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
1	wishing to free himself more firmly he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack of power . 
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
1	heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
1	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
1	as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
0	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his gut and been less indulgent of his brain . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
0	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
0	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
1	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
1	he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
0	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films . 
0	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
0	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
1	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
1	they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
1	maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
1	an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 
1	his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
1	as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
0	like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
1	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
0	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
1	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
0	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
1	his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
0	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
1	secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
1	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
1	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
1	a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
1	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
0	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
1	a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man . 
1	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
1	having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
1	obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
1	three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
1	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
1	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
1	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
0	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
1	josh is about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at being a vampire . 
1	the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 
1	packed with spectacular special effects and martial arts action , the monk , kar , and a sexy russian mob princess called bad girl must struggle to find , face , and fight the ultimate enemy . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
0	all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
1	his mother wants a normal life for herself and finnigan . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
0	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
0	proof that a newcomer indie filmmaker can infuse some new life into the downtrodden loser character study . 
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
1	a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
1	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 
0	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
0	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
0	 . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
1	the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
1	mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
1	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 
1	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
1	in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with the bitter realities of their lives prior to that chance encounter . 
1	together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
0	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
1	there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
1	three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
0	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
1	 " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
0	it is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , but for its destitution . 
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
1	failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
1	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
1	and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
1	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
1	determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
1	to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma . 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
1	in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
1	in their brief meeting , johnny will get the chance to face his truth , but the truth is never what it seems . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
1	the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
0	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
0	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
1	halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
0	the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
1	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
1	it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
1	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
1	a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 
0	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
1	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
1	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
1	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
0	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
0	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
1	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
1	she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
0	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
0	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
1	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
1	{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
0	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
1	the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
0	ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
0	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
1	also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
0	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
1	with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
0	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
0	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
1	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
1	thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
1	he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
0	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
1	johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
0	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
0	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
1	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
1	when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make . 
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
1	an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
0	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
0	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
1	and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
0	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
0	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
0	evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
0	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
1	these movies were the first adult movies , most of them were made in order to explain how sex works to unexperimented young men before their first relation with a prostitute . . . 
1	now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
0	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely . 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
1	a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
1	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
1	the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
1	the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 
1	the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
0	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
1	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
0	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
0	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
0	each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
1	while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
0	the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
1	through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
0	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
1	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
1	but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
0	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
1	this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 
0	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
1	anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
0	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
1	the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 
0	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
1	this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
1	in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
1	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
1	on a trip through texas to mexico , a group of teens pick up the survivor of a massacre that took place the night before . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
1	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
1	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
0	many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
0	this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
0	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
1	suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
1	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
1	the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
0	a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
1	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
0	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
0	it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
1	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
0	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
0	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
1	plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	his only-way-out is to create for himself a new identity franklin mann one without the doubt , pain or guilt . 
0	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
1	likely to give up their first born before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but three methods of raising the money . 
1	he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
1	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
1	now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
0	when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to give changing lanes credit for giving you food for thought . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
0	armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
0	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
1	documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
1	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
1	but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
1	it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 
0	a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and cultural forces one moment , and in the next patiently observing the way a bowl of medicinal tea , seen turning in a microwave carousel , begins to describe its own slow epicycles . 
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
0	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
1	mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
0	este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
0	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
0	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0	 . . . a rousing fantasy of bloodless revolution against capricious colonial rulers . 
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
0	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
1	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
0	anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
1	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
0	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
0	contains the same kind of intelligent class observation that was featured in gosford park . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
1	long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
1	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
1	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
1	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
1	amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
1	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
0	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
1	unfortunately , the insurance would not cover his son's transplant . 
0	ms . bennett is worth watching , and her story is weirdly detailed enough to prove once more that truth is too strange for good fiction . 
1	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
1	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
0	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
1	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
1	the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
0	like most of godard's films , in praise of love makes you stay awake and lean forward . 
0	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
0	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
1	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
1	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
0	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
1	seven-year-old sang-woo is left with his grandmother in a remote village while his mother looks for work . 
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
1	along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
0	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
0	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
1	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
1	two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 
0	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
1	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
0	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
1	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
1	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
1	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
0	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
1	she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare . 
0	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
1	armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
1	it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
1	becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 
0	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see foster feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here . 
1	as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
1	irish eyes are crying explores the relationship between two irish-american brothers in boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough , working class irish neighborhood . 
1	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
1	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
1	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
1	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
1	this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 
1	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 
1	a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
1	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
1	one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
0	lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
0	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
1	rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
1	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
1	how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 
0	for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
1	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
0	'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
1	while staking out his next assignment--the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss--contract killer malik reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
0	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
1	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
1	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
1	the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
1	when eddie is shot and paralyzed from the waist down during an attempted robbery , sean prevails on carlos to take over the store to protect his investment . 
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
1	a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
1	however when he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't go through with it despite her good advice on how to do it . 
1	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
0	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
0	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
1	when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	the galactic republic finds itself at the brink of a civil war . 
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
1	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
1	one is little miss perfect , one is an engaged prom queen , and the other is a pregnant outcast . 
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
1	looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
0	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
1	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
0	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
1	as he spirals into a series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's death and ellen's disappearance blurs . 
1	when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 
1	seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 
0	the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
0	this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
1	joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
0	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
1	after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
0	ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
0	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
1	yoyo and cheung promise to get marry in order to please their mothers . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
0	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
0	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
0	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
1	the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
1	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
1	documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 
1	bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
1	he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
1	taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
1	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
1	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
0	like lisa gossels' children of chabannes ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story about french villagers who saved 400 jewish children , shanghai ghetto is a celebration of humanity . 
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
0	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
0	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
1	the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
1	his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
1	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
1	when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
0	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
0	you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
1	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
1	amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
1	through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
1	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
0	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
1	while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
0	kudos to director doug liman for injecting textbook spy fare with slick intelligence and a truckload of tension . 
1	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
1	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
0	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
0	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
1	it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
0	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
1	everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
1	having sought and found refuge within this ancient religious society , sheldon finds himself captivated by this unusual and powerful world and the three old men who run it . 
1	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
1	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
1	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
0	an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
1	an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
1	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
1	unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
0	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
1	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
1	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
1	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
1	seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
1	lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
1	the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
0	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
1	by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	think 'glengarry glen ross' without the mamet dialogue , and that's kinda what you'll get here . 
0	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
1	in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
0	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
1	as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
0	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
1	determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
0	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
0	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
0	one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
0	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them . 
0	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
0	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
1	it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
1	johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
1	this is a man's man , a ladies man , a super-hero : he's ted davis : " bachelorman " when the woman of his dreams , " heather " moves in next door , ted's ordeal begins . 
0	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
0	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - decasia
0	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
1	a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
1	when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 
1	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
1	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
1	if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 
1	tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 
0	there's a sweetness to it that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his partner in crime , and portia di rossi as dreyfuss' daughter . 
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
1	neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
1	sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
1	a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
0	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
1	showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
1	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
0	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
0	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
0	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
0	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
0	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
0	responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
1	whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
1	alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
1	davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
0	feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
0	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
0	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
1	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
0	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
1	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
0	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
0	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
1	an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 
1	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
0	this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
1	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
0	a painting brought to life , the tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set on a vast australian landscape . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
1	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
0	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
0	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
1	until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
0	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
1	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
1	but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
0	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
0	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
0	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
1	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
1	in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
0	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
0	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
1	culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
1	there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
1	once there , she finds more than she expected . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
1	ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
1	people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
0	a story full of surprises , defined by the use of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs . 
1	as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
0	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
1	sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
0	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
1	but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
0	charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre . 
1	in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
1	two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
0	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
1	and may bring claire face to face with her past . 
0	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
1	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
0	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
0	this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
1	 " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . 
1	god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 
1	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
1	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
1	she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 
0	bold , imaginative , rational and persuasive an account of the lethally dangerous world we live in , the sum of all fears is an international spy drama with visceral impact . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
0	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
1	enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
0	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
0	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
0	i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
0	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
1	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
1	meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
1	a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 
1	after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 
0	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
1	run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 
1	in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
0	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
1	meet the razor eaters : five motivated , pissed-off young men who've launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on home video . 
0	tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
1	a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
1	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
0	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
0	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
1	an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor . 
0	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
1	the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
0	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
1	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
0	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
0	a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
0	more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
1	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
0	genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
0	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
1	in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
0	sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
1	babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
0	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
1	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
1	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
0	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
0	'[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
1	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
1	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
1	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
0	a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
1	with edgaar's faithful servant , elmendorf , george sets out . 
0	goes some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy today . 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
1	regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
1	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
0	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
0	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
0	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
0	at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
1	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
1	three teenagers hit a homeless girl with their car , scared , they drive away , leaving the girl to die on the streets . 
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
1	while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 
1	enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 
1	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
0	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
1	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
0	scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
1	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
0	 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
0	this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
1	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
0	the surprising skill and compassion that group's makers exhibit turns what could have been an uninvolving actor's exercise into a compelling and complicated emotional stew . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
1	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
1	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
1	a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
1	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
0	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
1	with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
0	a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
1	conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
1	nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 
0	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
1	now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
1	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
1	a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
1	he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
1	and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 
1	ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood . 
1	yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
1	some of his most popular work was when he played " johnny wadd " private detective . 
0	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
1	mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 
1	lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
1	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
0	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
1	but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
0	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
1	this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 
0	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
1	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
0	scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians montell jordan and joan osborne singing covers are spectacular . 
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield . 
1	fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
0	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
1	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
1	after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
0	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
1	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
1	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
0	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
0	one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
0	it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
1	a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
1	two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
1	although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
1	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
0	as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless . 
1	the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
1	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
1	he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
1	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
1	one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends . 
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
0	green dragon falls prey to some threadbare hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains a high level of maturity and emotion as it examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
1	as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
0	treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
1	so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
1	fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
1	as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 
1	the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
1	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
1	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
1	they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 
1	now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
0	this crafty little mystery/thriller deserves a wider audience -- if for no other reason than its attention to period detail , its subtlety and its emphasis on mood . 
1	amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
0	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
0	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
0	elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
0	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
0	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
1	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
1	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
0	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
1	though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
1	their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you . 
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
1	oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
0	the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
1	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
0	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
0	 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
1	on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 
1	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
0	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
1	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
1	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
0	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
1	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
0	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
1	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
1	'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
1	cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
1	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
0	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
1	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
0	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
1	until she leaves to the kitchen and he finds out that under the bed a male shoe that does not belong to him is carefully hidden by a male hand , under his own eyes . 
0	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
0	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
0	a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
0	 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
0	[denis] might be off her nut , but she can sure make an interesting film , a la davids lynch and cronenberg . 
1	instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
0	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
1	matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
1	a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
1	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true . 
1	blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 
0	[jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
1	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
0	it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
0	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
1	soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
1	when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
1	but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
1	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
1	when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 
0	this film is difficult to watch for the inhumanity it depicts , but important to see for its factual elements and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of maintaining one's humanity . 
1	as they try to keep one step ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , someone who is watching them all . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
1	calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
1	every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
0	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
0	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
1	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
1	all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
1	the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
1	this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 
0	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
0	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
0	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
1	chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 
0	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
0	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
1	john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
1	soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
0	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
1	their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
0	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
1	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
1	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
1	in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
1	the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
1	the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 
1	investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
1	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
1	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
0	as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
1	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
1	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
1	the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
0	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
0	the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
1	trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
1	carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 
1	over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 
0	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
0	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
0	my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
1	he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
1	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
0	the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 
1	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
1	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
1	frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
1	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
1	but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 
0	o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados . 
0	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
0	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
1	there are only three u . s . states left . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
0	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
0	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
1	a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
1	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
1	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
0	if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
1	but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
1	shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
0	we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
1	the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
0	at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty . 
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
0	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
1	to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 
0	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
1	a plan to start a parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs . 
1	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
1	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
0	 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
1	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
1	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
0	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
0	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
1	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
0	da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
1	friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
0	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
1	simon is desperately trying to save his internet personals business . 
1	but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
1	with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
0	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
1	now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 
1	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
0	[reno] may have a few grating gaps in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story ended up on the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel as if it wasn't a complete waste of time to sit through . 
1	in the early years , mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her . 
0	it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
0	the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
1	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
1	it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 
1	women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
1	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
1	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
0	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
0	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
0	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
0	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
0	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
1	yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment . 
1	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
0	the writer-director bestows honor -- generously , apolitically -- not only on the dead and still living american veterans who fought in ia drang , but also on their families , on their vietnamese adversaries , and on the families of their adversaries too . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 
0	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
1	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
1	at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
0	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
1	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
1	the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
1	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
1	but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them . 
0	 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
0	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
1	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
1	now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
0	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
0	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
0	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
1	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
1	frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring . 
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
0	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
1	the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
1	le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
1	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
1	candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
1	the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
1	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
1	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
1	it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 
1	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
1	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
0	you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature . 
0	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
1	they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
1	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
1	in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
1	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
0	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
1	the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 
0	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
1	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
1	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
1	unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
1	sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
0	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
0	narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
0	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
1	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
1	uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
0	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
1	terri ( eve ) is a hard-edged woman who can't seem to leave her two-timing boyfriend . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	it is marta's simple video that proves to be the most compelling , triggering a series of events that effects all five students and forces them to re-evaluate their own belief in the power of motion pictures . 
0	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
1	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
1	'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
0	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
1	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
0	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
1	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
0	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
0	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
1	but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
1	evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect . 
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
0	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
0	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
1	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
1	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
1	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
1	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
0	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
0	what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
0	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
1	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
1	john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly . 
1	austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
1	two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
0	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
1	passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
1	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
0	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
1	when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 
1	together , ethan and rachel navigate the course of a relationship that is as infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
0	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
1	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
1	when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
1	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
1	the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
1	the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
0	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
0	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
0	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
0	it's halloween season , and while ghost ship can't hold a candle to the ring for true primal scares , it'll probably stay respectably afloat until at least most of the candy is gone . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
1	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
1	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
1	the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
1	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
1	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 
0	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
1	he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 
1	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
0	chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
0	a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
0	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
1	many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
1	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
0	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
0	will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
0	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
1	two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 
1	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
1	will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
0	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
0	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
1	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
1	the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
0	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
1	not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
0	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
1	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
0	all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon . 
1	the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
0	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
1	when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
0	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
1	majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
0	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
0	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
1	he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 
1	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
1	decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
0	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
1	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
0	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
0	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself . 
0	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
1	pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
1	during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
0	there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
1	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
1	until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
0	 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
1	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
1	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
0	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
1	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
0	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
1	everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 
1	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
1	jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
0	the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
1	personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together . 
1	a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 
0	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
1	in the end , they discover that balance in life , similar to a well-balanced and sculpted anatomy , is the ultimate achievement . 
1	when tom goes away for a few days , lori , with the help of best friend , monica , investigates the disappearance of helen . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
1	after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
1	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
0	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
0	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
0	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
0	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
1	her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
1	but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
1	in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
1	brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
1	they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
1	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
1	using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
1	the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
1	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
0	a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
1	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
1	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
1	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
1	ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 
1	as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
1	while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
0	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
1	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
1	the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan . 
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
0	 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
1	a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
1	now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 
1	he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
1	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
1	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
0	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
0	what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
1	a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives . 
0	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
0	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
1	this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
1	john may have been an unfortunate victim forced to watch the brutal murders . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
1	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
1	new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream . 
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
0	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
1	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
1	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
1	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 
1	akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession . 
1	when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
1	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
0	part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
0	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
1	and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
1	paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
1	the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
0	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
0	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
1	a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
0	 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
1	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
1	a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 
1	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
1	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
0	aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
0	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy . 
1	the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
0	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
0	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
0	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
1	they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
1	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
1	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
1	daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a two and a half year epic that follows bering strait's amazing cultural fusion-coming of age journey in america . 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
1	also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
0	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
0	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
0	'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
1	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
0	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
0	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
1	 " confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia assassin by night . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
0	the rookie feels like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of stately , yet possessed of an ineffable poetry that speaks to the young heart of old men and their sons . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
0	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
1	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
1	however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
1	at night he is daredevil , a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city , a relentless avenger of justice . 
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
1	in " the hill " , director kurt burk brings us on a voyage through dreams of a lost childhood , to the emptiness of a normal , conditioned life , into a fantastic , surreal dream world that echoes of the past . 
1	the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
1	but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
1	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 
0	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
0	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
0	tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
1	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
1	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
0	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
1	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
1	dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder . 
0	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
0	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
0	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
1	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
1	told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
1	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
0	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
0	i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
0	painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich , colorful details . 
0	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
