0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
1	months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
1	arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
1	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
1	{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
0	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
1	he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
0	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
1	he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
1	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
1	mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
1	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
1	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
0	it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
1	beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 
1	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
1	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
1	he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
1	in this emotionally compelling documentary , sister helen opens a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in the south bronx after the death of her husband and two sons . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
0	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
0	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
0	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
0	for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera . 
0	novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
0	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
1	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
1	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
0	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
1	there are only three u . s . states left . 
1	the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
0	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
0	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
1	when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
1	re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
1	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
0	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
0	what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
1	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
0	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
0	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
1	with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
0	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
1	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
0	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
0	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
1	another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
1	as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
1	scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
1	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
1	july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death . 
1	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
1	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
0	in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
0	the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
1	he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
0	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
0	though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
1	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
0	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
1	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
1	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
0	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
1	but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
0	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
0	possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
1	when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
1	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
1	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 
0	imamura's delight in the infinite oddity of men and women is goofy ; it's also , at heart , reverent . 
0	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
1	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 
0	eventually moves and stirs you , even if it often resembles those steamy mexican tv dramas/soap operas called telenovelas . 
1	he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
0	a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
1	austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
1	amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
1	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
0	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
1	this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
0	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
0	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
1	dance teacher ramu leaves india to go to america and join his cousin who is rich and successful . 
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
1	two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
1	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
1	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
0	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
0	whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
1	when the three precogs , who only work together , floating connected in a tank of fluid , have a vision , the names of the victim and the perpetrator as well as video imagery of the crime and the exact time it will happen , are given out to the special cops who then try to prevent the crime from happening . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
1	as he navigates this decadent new world , he meets a host of characters , including david , an older gay man who desires him , and benjamin , a young hustler from texas who has also managed to find a place among the aristocracy . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
0	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
0	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
1	the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 
1	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
1	john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
1	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
0	it's sweet and romantic without being cloying or melodramatic . 
0	 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
0	part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
1	greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
0	sandler , in trusting his director , gives a performance that declares the star a genuinely fine actor . 
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
0	the heart of the film is the drop dead sexy drea de matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene . 
0	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
1	but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
0	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
0	the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
0	fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
1	mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases . 
1	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
0	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
0	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
1	ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed . 
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
1	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
1	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
1	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
0	elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
0	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
1	her mother , ingrid , is a beautiful , free-spirited poet . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
1	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
1	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
0	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
0	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
1	this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
0	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
1	the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
1	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
1	when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 
1	paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
1	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
0	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
0	trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
0	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
1	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
1	with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character . 
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 
0	chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
1	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
0	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
1	they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 
1	it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
1	however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
1	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
0	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
1	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
1	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
1	the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
1	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
1	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
0	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
0	for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
1	rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
1	when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
0	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
1	he begins to spread the gospel of communal ideals , which he has absorbed during his travels in india . 
0	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humorit's just plain bored . 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
0	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
1	when the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes himself into the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
1	until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
1	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
0	a satisfying charmer that tells a compelling story , and then tops that by offering up a saucy sextet of britain's best veteran actors . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
1	will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
1	alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 
1	with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 
0	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	where as many films of this nature linger on the hard , the ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses on the thinking , the love , and even the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
0	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
0	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
1	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
1	a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 
0	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
1	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 
0	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
1	a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	 " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
0	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
0	berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
0	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
1	a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
1	they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 
1	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
1	two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
1	the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
1	ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
1	his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
0	a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
0	i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
1	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
1	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
1	how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
1	instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
1	intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
1	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 
1	a mysterious video tape is killing off anyone who watches it . 
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
1	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
1	the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
0	un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
0	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
1	charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
0	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
1	a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man . 
0	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
1	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
1	or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
1	now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
0	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
1	susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
0	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
1	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
0	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
0	the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
1	but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmán does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
1	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
0	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
1	in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
0	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
0	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
1	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
1	then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 
0	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
1	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
0	 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
1	but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
0	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
1	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
0	you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
1	surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
0	certainly no biopic , nijinsky is short on facts , but long on expression . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
0	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
0	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
1	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy . 
1	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
1	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
1	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
0	an intelligent and sobering look at a person's self worth , and the measures he or she will take to restore it . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
0	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
1	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
0	 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
1	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
1	as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis . 
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
1	m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
1	based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
1	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
1	ruthie &#38 ; connie demonstrates the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully funny and deeply complex women who live their private lives in public and with passion . 
0	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
1	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 
1	interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . 
0	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
1	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
1	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
0	this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
0	 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
1	along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	a film crew travels to the austrian alps near the ( former ) yugoslav border to film three extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . 
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
1	as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0	this is a very good film , and it heralds an emerging directorial talent . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
1	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
1	william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
0	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
0	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future . 
0	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
0	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
1	ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
0	if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
1	armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
1	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
1	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
1	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
0	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
1	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
1	former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy . 
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
0	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
1	the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
1	now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
1	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 
1	then a final " test " is made to come to a decision . . . 
0	not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
0	[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
1	angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
0	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
1	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
1	he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
1	but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood . 
0	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
0	somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
1	the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
1	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
1	ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
0	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
0	a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
1	she has two men in her life : wealthy divorcee ray porter ( steve martin ) and struggling musician jeremy . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
1	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
1	anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
1	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
0	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
1	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
1	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
1	then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
0	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
1	legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
0	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
1	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
1	bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
1	set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
1	when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
0	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
1	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
0	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
1	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
0	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
1	they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
0	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
0	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
0	it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
0	as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way . 
1	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
1	before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
1	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
0	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
1	a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
1	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
1	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
1	there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 
1	daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
1	boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 
0	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
0	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
1	a plan to start a parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
0	we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
1	anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
1	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
1	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
1	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
1	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
0	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
1	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
0	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
0	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
1	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
0	not exactly worth a drum roll but a movie with enough collegiate ka-boom to earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation on every sports pic you've seen about the talented hot dog who eventually learns to become a team player . 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
1	francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
1	obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
1	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
1	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 
1	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
1	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
0	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
1	nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
1	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
1	their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
0	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
1	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
1	she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
1	soon , the entire team is self-destructing , and bret couldn't be happier . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
1	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
0	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with sacred cows of family values . 
1	together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall . 
1	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
1	set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
1	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 
0	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
1	believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
0	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
1	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
1	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
1	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
1	koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
1	a faction of political separatists , led by count dooku , attempts to assassinate her . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
1	after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
1	a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives . 
1	each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 
1	but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
1	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
1	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
0	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
1	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
0	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
1	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
1	his loyal assistant is killed and he is framed with the evidence at the chinese border by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement agency . 
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
0	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
1	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
0	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
1	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
1	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 
1	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
0	on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
0	what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
0	worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
0	like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
1	at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
1	 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 
1	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
1	a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
1	but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
0	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
1	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
1	after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
1	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
1	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
1	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
1	as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
0	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
1	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
1	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
0	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
0	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
1	plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 
1	they get away in their mini coopers , which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears . 
1	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
0	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
1	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
0	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
1	however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
0	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
1	it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
1	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
1	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
0	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
0	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
1	a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
0	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
1	reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
0	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
1	the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
1	soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
1	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
1	based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
1	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
1	'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
0	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
0	no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
1	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
1	it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
1	but then nora is revealed and tactics need to be changed . 
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
1	secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
0	part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
0	bold , imaginative , rational and persuasive an account of the lethally dangerous world we live in , the sum of all fears is an international spy drama with visceral impact . 
0	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
1	siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
0	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
0	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
0	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
1	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
0	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
1	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
1	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
1	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 
1	emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
1	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
0	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
1	he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
1	his determination is turned to desperation by a personal tragedy that now drives him to want to change the past . 
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
1	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
1	but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
0	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
1	while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
0	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
0	an original little film about one young woman's education . 
0	less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
1	he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
1	now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to help his mother and survive the wilderness . 
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
1	but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
1	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
0	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
0	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
1	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
0	this is the film training day wanted to be . 
1	regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
0	it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
1	when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
0	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
1	there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
0	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
0	unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
1	meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
1	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
0	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
1	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
1	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
1	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
0	directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
0	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
1	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
1	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
0	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
1	on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
1	to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 
1	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
0	a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
1	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 
1	during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
0	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
1	in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
1	what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
0	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
1	matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
0	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
1	now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
1	there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
0	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affairs of the heart , and is well worth seeing for its elective affinities alone . 
1	the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
1	after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 
1	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
0	provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
1	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 
1	during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
1	but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list . 
0	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
1	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
1	run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
0	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
0	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
1	the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith as he journeys to find out the truth behind the crop circles . 
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
1	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
0	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
1	it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
0	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
1	even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
1	and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
0	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
1	lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
1	rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
1	in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
1	the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
0	five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
1	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
0	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
1	now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 
1	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
1	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
1	frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
1	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
1	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
1	all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
1	what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
1	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
1	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
1	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
0	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight . 
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
1	penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
1	during the course of a single day all three will be faced with the difficult choice of choosing which path they will go down in life . 
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
1	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
0	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	a seemingly inconistent game of " taboo " brings out the vile secrets and sexual desires from a group of six college graduates at a remote mansion where one of them flips out and proceeds to kill the rest in the manner of their secrets . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
1	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
1	with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
1	as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
1	this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
0	this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
1	his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
1	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
1	hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
0	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
1	just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
1	the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
0	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
0	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
1	mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
1	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
1	now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
1	a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
0	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
1	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
1	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
0	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
1	the mystery guests soon unleash a stiff sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the consequence of doing unto others as you would have done unto you . 
1	alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
0	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
1	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
1	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
0	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
1	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
1	enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
0	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
1	his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
1	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
1	while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
1	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
0	it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
1	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
0	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
1	he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 
0	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
1	anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the " for sale " plate into the garbage can . 
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
1	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
1	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
1	nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
0	as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
0	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
1	the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
1	moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
1	working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
0	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
0	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
1	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
1	as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
1	august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
0	'[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
0	the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
0	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
1	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 
0	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
0	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
0	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
1	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
1	a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
0	[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
1	it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
0	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
1	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
1	a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
1	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
0	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
1	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
0	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
0	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
0	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
1	yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
1	but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
0	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
1	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
1	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
1	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
0	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
1	four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
0	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york . 
1	when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
1	but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
1	many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped . 
0	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
0	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
1	but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
1	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
1	lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 
1	nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father . 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 
0	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
1	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
0	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
1	they all decide to go together and they leave . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
1	facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 
1	once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
1	dr singh's son ( anil kapoor ) stands by his father helping him raise funds for his fathers dream , with the sudden death of dr singh his son falls into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#38 ; gracy singh ) and his father's dream that is yet to be fulfilled . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
1	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
0	like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
1	andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life . 
1	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
1	jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
0	friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
1	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
1	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
1	the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist . 
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
1	for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
1	they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
0	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
1	caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a dangerous mind , though the confusion , in this case , can be pretty sublime . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
1	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
1	from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
0	ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
1	calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
0	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1	a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
0	a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
0	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
0	when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
0	a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
0	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
0	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
1	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
1	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
1	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
0	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
0	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
1	still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
0	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
1	and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
1	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
1	between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
1	lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
0	 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
1	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
1	lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 
0	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
1	wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
1	and may bring claire face to face with her past . 
1	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
1	every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
0	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
1	it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
1	but god knows of this evil and sends a protector , an unlikely angel to watch over her . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
1	they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
0	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
1	she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
1	it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
1	scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
0	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
1	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
1	partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 
0	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
1	still , it might come true , if she would handle her life more genuinely . 
1	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
1	when sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes completely lost trying to find him . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
1	it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
1	after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
1	told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
0	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
1	juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
1	one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
0	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
1	whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
1	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
1	but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself . 
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
0	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
1	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
0	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
1	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
0	you get the feeling that the filmmakers did their homework and that they're here to represent a harsh reality . " 
0	you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
1	matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 
0	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
0	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
1	throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 
1	this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
1	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
0	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
0	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
1	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
1	eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
1	after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
1	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
1	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
0	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
1	but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
1	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
1	to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
1	the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
0	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
1	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
0	 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
1	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
1	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
0	rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
1	finally , the purity of arvasu and nittilai's love brings salvation to the land . 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
0	a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
1	rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
1	she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
1	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 
1	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
0	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
0	despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
1	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
0	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
0	a committed , intelligent and fascinating piece of work with no irony about it . 
1	when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater . 
1	the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents . 
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
1	there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
0	a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
1	billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
0	 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
1	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
0	the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
1	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
1	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century . 
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
0	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
1	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
1	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
0	ratliff speaks the truth about these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the well-intentioned churchgoers shout only semi-truths in a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
1	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
1	simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 
0	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
1	when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top . 
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
1	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
1	after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
1	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
1	he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 
1	while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 
1	due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
0	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
1	determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
0	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
0	 ( e . t . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience that i don't believe will ever show signs of age . 
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
1	in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
0	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
0	while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
0	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
1	a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
0	judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
1	in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
1	thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
0	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
0	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
1	harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and perhaps even deaths . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
1	it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it . 
1	in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
1	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
1	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
0	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 
0	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
0	even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
1	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
1	the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
0	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
1	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
1	helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 
1	and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
0	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
0	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
0	the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
1	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
0	after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
1	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
1	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
0	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
1	but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
1	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
1	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
1	meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
1	while staking out his next assignment--the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss--contract killer malik reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape . 
0	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
1	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
1	a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
1	immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men . 
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
0	goes some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy today . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
1	hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
1	we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
1	set from his college student years , to his first victims , his capture , escape from prison ( twice ) , his final killing spree to his trial , conviction and execution . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
1	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
1	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
0	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
0	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
1	but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
0	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
0	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
1	tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
1	it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
0	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
1	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 
1	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
1	as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
0	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
0	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
0	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
1	his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
1	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
1	jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
1	they then took over a pub in glenrowan , where they basically held a party , waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
1	along the way , he helps unite the once legendary country bear band for a benefit show to save the country bear concert hall . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
0	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
1	joe , a rootless young drifter , finds work on a barge travelling between glasgow and edinburgh , owned by les and his wife ella . 
1	as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
1	decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
1	during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
1	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
0	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
1	gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 
0	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
1	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
1	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
1	as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
0	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
0	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
1	for him semana santa is a time to kill . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
1	edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
0	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
1	the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
1	a dedicated scientist , aided by his clueless wife , rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster , curious space aliens , an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send-up of the best of the b movies of the 1950's . 
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 
1	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
0	the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
0	a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
0	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
1	in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 
0	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
1	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
1	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
1	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 
1	its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
0	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
0	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
0	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
1	resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
1	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
1	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
1	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
0	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
1	this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
1	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
1	together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
1	there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
0	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
0	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
0	one of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while , leo has great fun in the role . 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
1	nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
1	all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
0	my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
0	like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
1	lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
0	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
1	amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
0	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
1	tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
1	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
1	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
0	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
1	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
1	it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 
1	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
0	i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
0	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
1	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
0	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
0	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
0	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
1	this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
1	a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
1	beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
1	three stories delicately intertwined by the beauty of sadness . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
1	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
0	you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
0	perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
1	while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
0	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
0	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
0	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
1	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
1	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich . 
1	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 
1	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
1	an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
0	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
1	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
0	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
1	now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
0	trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
