0	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
0	the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
1	a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
1	it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
0	that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
0	the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
1	he thinks she is plotting against him with their mutual psychiatrist . 
1	and may bring claire face to face with her past . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
1	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
1	with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 
1	the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
0	time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
1	'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 
0	the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
0	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
0	by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
1	there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
0	disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 
1	it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 
0	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
1	the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
1	three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
1	while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
0	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
0	originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
0	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
0	for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
1	simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama . 
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
0	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
1	dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
1	now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
1	the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " . 
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
0	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
1	together they travel to england and meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get the imperial seal back . 
1	the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
0	este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
0	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	the woods haven't been this creepy since the blair witch project . 
1	he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
0	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
1	each vision shows the son at a different age and at a different stage in his pursuit of his life long love , isabelle . 
1	it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
0	the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	 " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " petrified " by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . 
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
1	quebec bill bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to raise money to preserve his endangered herd through the rapidly approaching winter . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
1	the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
1	in their brief meeting , johnny will get the chance to face his truth , but the truth is never what it seems . 
0	the quality of schwentke's visuals . . . provides ample compensation . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
1	chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	prosit has made a lot of enemy&#180 ; s . 
1	using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
0	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
0	sandler , in trusting his director , gives a performance that declares the star a genuinely fine actor . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
1	she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
1	thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
0	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
0	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
1	but on his latest case , the stakes are higher for vincent--the suspect he's investigating is his own son . 
0	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
1	now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to help his mother and survive the wilderness . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
1	intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
1	brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
1	his motives are plain and simple , to meet a woman . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
0	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
0	an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
0	planet is as much sheer fun as its source material . 
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others . 
1	however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all the others in the pub ended up in a shootout with scores of policemen . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
1	however when he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't go through with it despite her good advice on how to do it . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
1	as its 23 horrifying days of flesheating come to an end , the creeper has embarked on its final voracious feeding frenzy in poho county . 
1	a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
1	in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
0	film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
1	now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
1	peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
0	a story full of surprises , defined by the use of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
1	when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
1	when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top . 
0	the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
1	or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
1	as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all . 
1	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
1	everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
1	in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
1	and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
1	together , ethan and rachel navigate the course of a relationship that is as infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
0	if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
1	things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
0	it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
1	it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe . 
1	interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . 
1	by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
0	an intelligent and sobering look at a person's self worth , and the measures he or she will take to restore it . 
1	over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 
1	dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 
1	based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
1	partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 
0	clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
0	this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
0	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
1	when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
0	o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados . 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
0	you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
1	but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
1	the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
1	the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
1	becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
1	can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ? 
1	briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
0	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
1	an alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
1	resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy . 
1	in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
0	beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
0	it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ? 
0	i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
0	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
1	dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of chateau d'lf for 13 years , where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him . 
1	indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
0	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
1	nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 
0	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
1	during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
1	a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
0	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0	to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
0	on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
1	rupi who is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
0	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
1	unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
0	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
1	they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
1	the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 
1	well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
1	but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
0	 . . . has a bit more going for it than just bikini babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best . 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
1	a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you . 
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 
1	terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 
1	and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
1	but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 
0	an amusing , even joyful second take on e . b . white's beloved children's book . 
1	along the way , he helps unite the once legendary country bear band for a benefit show to save the country bear concert hall . 
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
1	a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
1	harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
1	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	thinking the young man is dead , a curious fisherman with a scalpel finds two bullets in his back and a miniature laser device in his hip . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems . 
0	the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
0	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
1	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
1	a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
0	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
1	once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
0	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
1	it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
1	the murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character named choi . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
1	he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
1	he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
1	the film intercuts between two days , two years apart . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
1	it never hurts to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too bad adam doesn't know any ! 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
1	the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith as he journeys to find out the truth behind the crop circles . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
1	vicious , the future descendant of james and jessie of team rocket , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's up to young ash , pikachu and friends to stop him . 
1	thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
1	as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
1	is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz . 
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
1	but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
0	one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
0	an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
0	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 
1	likely to give up their first born before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but three methods of raising the money . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 
0	whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
1	but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
1	a film crew travels to the austrian alps near the ( former ) yugoslav border to film three extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . 
1	a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
1	when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
0	[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
0	the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
0	the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
0	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
1	apparent heir to the philadelphia paradiso mafia family , frank paradiso , finds himself confronted with tough choices after an assassination attempt on his father , don antonio paradiso ( played by robert costanzo ) . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 
1	but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . 
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence . 
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
1	entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
1	inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
0	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
1	armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
0	human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
0	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
1	he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
0	 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
1	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
0	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	if . . . you're the adventurous sort , check it out . 
0	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
1	together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . " 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
0	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
1	against improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation on the mysterious isla de muerta . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
1	meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
1	suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
1	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 
1	this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
0	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
0	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
0	this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
1	brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
0	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
0	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . " 
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
0	anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
1	his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
0	the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
1	a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
0	it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
1	they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
1	told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
1	the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
0	you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature . 
1	wishing to free himself more firmly he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack of power . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
1	lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 
0	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
0	sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
0	throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
1	the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
1	lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
1	each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
1	mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women . 
1	kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
1	during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
1	now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
1	a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
1	the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
1	not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 
1	west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
1	retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
0	scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
0	…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 
0	in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
1	maenwhile , amelia and father amaro have fallen in love and have begun a passionate sexual relationship . 
1	shot on location in the williamsburgh and flatbush neighborhoods of brooklyn , hung-up is a 35mm short story in the tradition of happy gilmore and taxi driver . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
1	boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 
0	it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
0	all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
0	a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
0	ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
1	the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
1	but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
0	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
0	though shiri's eruptions of violence , mayhem and gunplay are every bit as kinetic and dazzling as anything generated in hong kong or hollywood , the film's primary focus is always on its characters . 
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
1	braceface brandi chronicles the rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 kind of world . 
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
1	together , they work through their mutual mistrust and their shared grief over the death of carlos' mother rosario . 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
0	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
1	 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
0	 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
1	surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
1	he has a vast knowledge of modern photography and develops photos for various customers at the sav-mart . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
0	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
0	this is riveting stuff , especially in its account of how refugee culture and community spring up almost overnight . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
1	jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
1	the film , a follow-up to " jack the dog " , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together . 
0	for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
1	a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 
1	mitchell misses the bus and starts walking to school . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
1	combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
1	for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . . 
1	the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
0	 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
1	yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
1	now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
1	the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
1	told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
0	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
1	in present-day london , twelve-year-old quinn watches as his mother , a construction engineer , inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
1	the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
0	a biopic of an artist that actually looks artistic . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
0	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
1	what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
1	amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 
1	brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 
0	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
1	the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in 
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
0	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
1	he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
1	william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
0	the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
1	and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
1	velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
1	ultimately , anime moves far beyond the realm of simple cartoons , encompassing a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , cutting edge imagery , music and fashion . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
1	ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood . 
0	 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
0	i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
1	filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
1	the story of ray , a personal injury attorney facing a moral and spiritual crisis . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
1	two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
0	the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
1	it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
0	 . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
1	explores the question of whether it's ever too late to say 'i love you' . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
0	its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
1	each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
0	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
0	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
1	another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
1	mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
1	however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 
0	part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
1	as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
1	he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
1	paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
1	the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 
1	unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 
0	an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
0	i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
1	he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
1	guns , money , and a chance at paradise . . . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
1	they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons . 
1	conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 
1	passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
0	 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
0	even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
1	what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ? 
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 
1	burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
1	he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
1	guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
0	it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
1	no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
0	it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
1	amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
1	surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
1	when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
1	he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
1	as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
0	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
1	then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
0	if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
1	billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 
0	every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
0	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
1	but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
1	a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again . 
1	nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 
1	ace homicide detective matt , ( christian de la fuente ) , leads the state in murder convictions , but his job has a big downside - he spends every day with dead victims and that's pushed him to question his belief in god , family , love . 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a dangerous mind , though the confusion , in this case , can be pretty sublime . 
1	ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose . 
1	however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
1	bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
0	a painting brought to life , the tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set on a vast australian landscape . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
0	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	after baptizing their amnesiac boy-toy chris , the infamous pair takes him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife frolic , their spontaneous media extravaganza and their dazzling diva lifestyle in order to help him find his identity and his way home . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
1	but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 
0	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 
1	privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
0	it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
1	 " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
1	however , the job his army buddy promised doesn't materialize , and he can't escape his past . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
1	but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
1	the result of an old cia mind-control experiment gone bad , felice quick is on the loose and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
0	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 
0	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
0	 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
0	we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
1	however , the babies turned out to be both women . 
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
0	it offers an important lesson about how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that lives are lost . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmán does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
0	this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
1	alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 
1	jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
1	hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
1	with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
1	lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 
1	 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
1	while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
0	the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
0	it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
0	an unpleasant though sometimes effective psychological thriller that is noteworthy for being the film in which actress sandra bullock has gotten her act back together . 
0	absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
0	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
1	in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 
0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 
0	twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings . 
1	in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
1	ricki , a " lesbian assassin " , is sent to oversee gigli's job and make sure he doesn't screw it up . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect . 
0	despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
0	the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
1	re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
0	like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
1	that same day , gunmen take over the high school - using it to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
1	ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
0	as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
1	an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
0	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
0	what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
0	i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
1	amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
1	from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
0	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
0	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
0	a charming , vibrant , if under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel . 
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
1	the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
0	if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
1	can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
1	seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 
0	so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
1	the mystery guests soon unleash a stiff sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the consequence of doing unto others as you would have done unto you . 
0	the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun . 
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
1	the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
1	will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ? 
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
1	and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
1	meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see foster feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here . 
1	simon is desperately trying to save his internet personals business . 
1	soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
1	they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
1	'wheatfield with crows' takes the life of vincent van gogh and sets it in the modern day music industry . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
1	in the small town , local cop connie struggles with many sightings of a mothlike creature taller than a man being reported , while john believes that an explanation for his wife's fate can be found . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
0	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
1	based on the 1997 john king novel of the same name with a rather odd synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned chelsea football club hooligan who represents a disaffected society operating by brutal rules . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
0	unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
1	lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
1	doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
1	not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
1	however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 
1	chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland . 
0	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
1	her mother , ingrid , is a beautiful , free-spirited poet . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
0	there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
1	in " the hill " , director kurt burk brings us on a voyage through dreams of a lost childhood , to the emptiness of a normal , conditioned life , into a fantastic , surreal dream world that echoes of the past . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
0	for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
1	it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
0	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
1	on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
1	'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery peppered with some truly surreal visuals . 
0	a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
1	it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
0	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
0	little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
1	she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
1	the film contains colour home movie footage of the film's production which where shot by charles' brother sydney . 
1	in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
1	but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature of females , the doctors hatched the theory of counter-transference to explain their feelings . 
0	an intriguing , richly detailed look at the early days of hollywood power and glamour . 
1	he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
0	treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 
1	however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
0	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
0	alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
0	the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 
1	he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit . 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
1	as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
1	she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives . 
1	after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
1	they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
0	what emerges is not only a portrait of some of the more colorful denizens of mayport , florida , but also a moving examination of the power of art to transform lives . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
0	[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
1	the men are reasonably challenged with the the bizzare situation . 
1	after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
1	 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
1	a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
0	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
0	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
0	this crafty little mystery/thriller deserves a wider audience -- if for no other reason than its attention to period detail , its subtlety and its emphasis on mood . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
1	but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 
1	chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road . 
1	it's a sci-fi , time travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery all rolled into one as mark twain on the way home from one of his last speaking tours in 1906 , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in pursuit of the other , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and the headline reads " manned mars mission . . . . 
0	guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 
1	on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
0	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
1	it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
1	a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
1	charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
1	in awe of seductive club singer velma kelly ( who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who convinces her he can 'make her showbiz career take off' . 
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 
0	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
1	his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma . 
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
0	those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
1	while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	the pursuit eventually takes us back to l . a . , where secrets begin to get exposed . . . . 
1	she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
1	the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
1	two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 
1	paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
1	the war of the ring has now begun . . . 
0	scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
0	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
0	tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
1	but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
0	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
1	john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
1	set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community . 
1	investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
0	[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
0	it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	in the year 2009 , a new drug known as blood heat is developed . 
1	vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school . 
0	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
1	he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
1	seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 
1	regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse . 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
1	in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , medical supplies , and defense technology has a secret research facility located half a mile underground called the hive . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
1	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
1	while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
0	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
1	behind in rent , losing any real day jobs they have , they plan a bank robbery . 
1	but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 
0	like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the decks of american diesel submarines . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
0	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
0	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
0	while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
1	after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 
1	however , as ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless . 
1	four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
0	there's a sweetness to it that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his partner in crime , and portia di rossi as dreyfuss' daughter . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
0	ratliff speaks the truth about these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the well-intentioned churchgoers shout only semi-truths in a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
1	she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
1	the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
1	she's answering questions about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her husband , lamont , and her lover , natalie , grew into dealing , how dealing turned into robbery , and robbery into mass murder . 
0	a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
0	chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
0	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
1	a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
1	graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
1	while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
1	salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
0	no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
1	shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
1	staked-out in his one-bedroom apartment with his kidnap victim , brian ( justin bartha ) , gigli soon realizes that what he thought would be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task . 
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
1	tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 
1	but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 
1	they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
0	 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 
1	his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
1	francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
1	as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
1	loss is a film eulogy for six firefighters who died in the collapse of the world trade center , sept 11 2001 . 
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
1	set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
1	while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
0	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	with just hours left , can the code be broken to save the world from total annihilation ? 
0	it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
0	 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
1	she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
1	when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
0	sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
1	his search soon sends him down a dangerous path . . . 
0	perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
1	before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
0	the film engages with the divergent paths taken , linked by childhood friendship and a mewling kitten , but a third act event is presented so abruptly it confuses the viewer until it rebounds somewhat with a satisfying closure . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
1	but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made . 
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 
1	a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 
0	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
1	the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 
1	this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 
1	only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 
1	when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
1	chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
1	and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia . 
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
0	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
1	in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
1	he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 
1	in a post communist eastern european country in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and times are tough . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
1	other strange events soon start happening as well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances of the crew , including some who are dead . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
1	his determination is turned to desperation by a personal tragedy that now drives him to want to change the past . 
0	at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
1	 " politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
1	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
1	their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
1	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
1	the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
1	through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to finally quit chicago . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
0	 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
1	when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature… is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
1	together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
0	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
0	like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
0	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
1	as he spirals into a series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's death and ellen's disappearance blurs . 
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
1	to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 
0	glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
0	this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
1	determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live . 
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
1	gus sits on the sofa and talks about being the world's oldest pothead , who started smoking in 1936 . 
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
0	a model of what films like this should be like . 
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
1	so in order for michael's quick and complete recovery , john takes the emergency room hostage until the doctors agree to get the transplant successful . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
1	the galactic republic finds itself at the brink of a civil war . 
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
1	he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
1	the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in the trunk of an abandoned car somewhere on the water's edge . 
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 
0	bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
1	'brass tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
0	so infectious , so colorful , so exhilarating , that you almost forget that at its core , it's merely a curry-inflected remake of father of the bride , with snippets of other films thrown in . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's . 
1	a dedicated scientist , aided by his clueless wife , rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster , curious space aliens , an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send-up of the best of the b movies of the 1950's . 
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
0	a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
0	a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
1	she hits her head badly , and dies in the hospital a little later . 
1	working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
1	stryker puts into motion a plan to eradicate the mutants and begins an offensive on the x-men mansion and school . 
0	a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
0	as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
1	now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
UNK	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
UNK	then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
UNK	 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
UNK	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
UNK	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
UNK	some may quibble that the 144-minute length accommodates at least one too many endings . but such quibbling will diminish in view of the film's overall impact . 
UNK	this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
UNK	this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
UNK	soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
UNK	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
UNK	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
UNK	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 
UNK	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
UNK	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
UNK	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
UNK	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
UNK	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
UNK	moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 
UNK	an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country . 
UNK	she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 
UNK	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
UNK	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
UNK	still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
UNK	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
UNK	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
UNK	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
UNK	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
UNK	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
UNK	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
UNK	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
UNK	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
UNK	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
UNK	[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
UNK	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
UNK	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
UNK	nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple . 
UNK	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
UNK	as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
UNK	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
UNK	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
UNK	for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 
UNK	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
UNK	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
UNK	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
UNK	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
UNK	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
UNK	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
UNK	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
UNK	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
UNK	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
UNK	they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 
UNK	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
UNK	on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
UNK	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
UNK	a movie that's full of deft , off-center observations about the world of filmmaking . 
UNK	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 
UNK	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
UNK	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
UNK	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
UNK	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
UNK	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
UNK	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
UNK	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
UNK	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
UNK	in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 
UNK	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
UNK	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
UNK	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
UNK	diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
UNK	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
UNK	two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown and joe grifasi ) and an oddball pathologist ( dylan baker ) investigate a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the results aren't pretty . . . 
UNK	for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
UNK	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
UNK	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
UNK	what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
UNK	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
UNK	an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world . 
UNK	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
UNK	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
UNK	becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
UNK	a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
UNK	told as if reading the pages of a diary , along with a stunning visual style , quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity . 
UNK	ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
UNK	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
UNK	the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
UNK	lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
UNK	killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , family , god . 
UNK	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
UNK	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
UNK	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined . 
UNK	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
UNK	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
UNK	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
UNK	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
UNK	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
UNK	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
UNK	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
UNK	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
UNK	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
UNK	but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
UNK	the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
UNK	one day , his own name arrives in the " perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 
UNK	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
UNK	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
UNK	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
UNK	goes some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy today . 
UNK	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
UNK	they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
UNK	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
UNK	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 
UNK	the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
UNK	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
UNK	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
UNK	 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
UNK	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
UNK	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
UNK	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
UNK	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
UNK	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
UNK	gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell . 
UNK	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
UNK	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
UNK	but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
UNK	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
UNK	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
UNK	to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 
UNK	a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit than excitement . 
UNK	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
UNK	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
UNK	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
UNK	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
UNK	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
UNK	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
UNK	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
UNK	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
UNK	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
UNK	as fran's requests become more peculiar , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 
UNK	it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
UNK	 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
UNK	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
UNK	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
UNK	a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
UNK	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
UNK	during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 
UNK	helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 
UNK	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
UNK	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
UNK	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
UNK	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
UNK	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
UNK	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
UNK	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
UNK	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
UNK	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
UNK	you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it . 
UNK	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
UNK	provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
UNK	after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 
UNK	diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling . 
UNK	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
UNK	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
UNK	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
UNK	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
UNK	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
UNK	with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
UNK	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
UNK	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
UNK	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
UNK	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
UNK	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
UNK	the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
UNK	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
UNK	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
UNK	off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society . 
UNK	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
UNK	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
UNK	but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them . 
UNK	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
UNK	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
UNK	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
UNK	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
UNK	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
UNK	there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
UNK	this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
UNK	a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 
UNK	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
UNK	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
UNK	hey , happy ! is great for stoners , queens , ravers and , yes , parties . 
UNK	while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
UNK	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
UNK	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
UNK	until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
UNK	it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
UNK	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
UNK	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games . 
UNK	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
UNK	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
UNK	the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
UNK	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
UNK	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
UNK	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
UNK	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
UNK	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
UNK	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
UNK	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
UNK	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
UNK	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 
UNK	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
UNK	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
UNK	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
UNK	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
UNK	skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
UNK	this documentary of cameroon's repressive political realities begins with the 1990 publication of an open letter to president biya calling for a national conference and the immediate arrest of the letter's author and publisher . 
UNK	in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere . 
UNK	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
UNK	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
UNK	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
UNK	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
UNK	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
UNK	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
UNK	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
UNK	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
UNK	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
UNK	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
UNK	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
UNK	when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
UNK	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
UNK	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
UNK	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
UNK	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 
UNK	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
UNK	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
UNK	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
UNK	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
UNK	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
UNK	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
UNK	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
UNK	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
UNK	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
UNK	they are known as masters of the runaway art . 
UNK	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
UNK	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
UNK	but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
UNK	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
UNK	there are only three u . s . states left . 
UNK	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
UNK	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
UNK	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
UNK	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
UNK	the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
UNK	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
UNK	a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
UNK	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
UNK	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
UNK	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
UNK	nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
UNK	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
UNK	a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
UNK	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
UNK	both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 
UNK	its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
UNK	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
UNK	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
UNK	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
UNK	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
UNK	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
UNK	he was arrested for dealing drugs , he spent five years in jail and was banned from france for two years . 
UNK	known in english at festivals as " weightwatch , " this title captures the essence of the film . 
UNK	the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
UNK	schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
UNK	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
UNK	people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 
UNK	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
UNK	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
UNK	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
UNK	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
UNK	one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends . 
UNK	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
UNK	price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden . 
UNK	a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one . 
UNK	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
UNK	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
UNK	knowing that the legend of the temple describes ancient mystical music as the key to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an expert musicologist . 
UNK	 . . . a b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill ride , probably the best of its kind since tremors . 
UNK	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
UNK	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
UNK	canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
UNK	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
UNK	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
UNK	he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
UNK	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
UNK	this is the story of " johnny " , a struggling blues musician estranged from both his family and the country roots he left behind . 
UNK	son of the bride manages to be affectionate without drawing too deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
UNK	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
UNK	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
UNK	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
UNK	anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 
UNK	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
UNK	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
UNK	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
UNK	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
UNK	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines . 
UNK	but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 
UNK	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
UNK	instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 
UNK	she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 
UNK	there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
UNK	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
UNK	beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 
UNK	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
UNK	it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 
UNK	van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
UNK	this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
UNK	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
UNK	as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship . 
UNK	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
UNK	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
UNK	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
UNK	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
UNK	the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
UNK	call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
UNK	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
UNK	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
UNK	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
UNK	in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 
UNK	keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 
UNK	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
UNK	after that incident matt goes into the woods , looking for dawn . 
UNK	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
UNK	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
UNK	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
UNK	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
UNK	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
UNK	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
UNK	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 
UNK	despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
UNK	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 
UNK	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
UNK	but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
UNK	beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 
UNK	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
UNK	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 
UNK	nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 
UNK	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
UNK	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
UNK	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
UNK	his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out . 
UNK	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
UNK	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
UNK	decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
UNK	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
UNK	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
UNK	too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
UNK	armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 
UNK	in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play . 
UNK	their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 
UNK	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
UNK	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
UNK	kudos to director doug liman for injecting textbook spy fare with slick intelligence and a truckload of tension . 
UNK	the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 
UNK	this isn't an original film , but it is an effective one . 
UNK	set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 
UNK	but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
UNK	the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 
UNK	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
UNK	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
UNK	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
UNK	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
UNK	rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 
UNK	can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
UNK	uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
UNK	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
UNK	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
UNK	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
UNK	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
UNK	vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 
UNK	when eddie is shot and paralyzed from the waist down during an attempted robbery , sean prevails on carlos to take over the store to protect his investment . 
UNK	it's a more believable scenario for infidelity than most such movies , and aniston gives her all to the role . 
UNK	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
UNK	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
UNK	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
UNK	although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
UNK	his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
UNK	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
UNK	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
UNK	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
UNK	it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
UNK	forget other scary movies with freaky internet sites , dastardly murderers , ghosts on boats , spooky videotapes , they aren't half as scary as a gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under the bed
UNK	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
UNK	now that they're back together , they should be perfect for each other , except that dre's about to marry lawyer reese and sidney claims not to be interested in dre romantically . 
UNK	 . . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk . 
UNK	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
UNK	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
UNK	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
UNK	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
UNK	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
UNK	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
UNK	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
UNK	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
UNK	what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
UNK	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
UNK	where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own . 
UNK	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
UNK	when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
UNK	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
UNK	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
UNK	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
UNK	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
UNK	adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
UNK	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government . 
UNK	not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
UNK	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
UNK	since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
UNK	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
UNK	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
UNK	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
UNK	a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 
UNK	lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
UNK	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
UNK	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
UNK	two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 
UNK	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
UNK	quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
UNK	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe . 
UNK	her daughter siri , whom , in this way , she turns into her virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's first cloned human being . 
UNK	a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 
UNK	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
UNK	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
UNK	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
UNK	the longer version may be truer to tornatore's tripartite vision--and less simply cloying and calculated--but ultimately it's also less coherent and emotionally satisfying . 
UNK	all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children . 
UNK	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
UNK	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
UNK	de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking . 
UNK	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
UNK	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before . 
UNK	twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
UNK	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
UNK	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
UNK	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
UNK	what kind of advice would they receive from family , friends , neighbors , and folks at the corner deli ? 
UNK	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
UNK	a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
UNK	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
UNK	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
UNK	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
UNK	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
UNK	dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 
UNK	slight , but colorful and forward-moving . . . wasabi has the cheeky verve and heart of a shaggy dog movie that is aiming to please its owner , nothing more , nothing less . 
UNK	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
UNK	once there , she finds more than she expected . 
UNK	as the sisters approach the end of an era , and the end of an order , they search their souls in an examination of their life's work . 
UNK	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
UNK	what makes this latest version of the four feathers the best so far are the beautiful desert locations ( in morocco ) , and the superb action sequences . 
UNK	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
UNK	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
UNK	will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
UNK	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
UNK	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
UNK	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
UNK	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
UNK	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
UNK	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
UNK	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
UNK	the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
UNK	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
UNK	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
UNK	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
UNK	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
UNK	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
UNK	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
UNK	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
UNK	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 
UNK	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
UNK	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
UNK	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
UNK	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
UNK	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
UNK	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
UNK	in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own . 
UNK	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
UNK	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
UNK	the corrupt wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark lord sauron , and his slimy assistant , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of man and middle-earth . 
UNK	at night he is daredevil , a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city , a relentless avenger of justice . 
UNK	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
UNK	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
UNK	as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 
UNK	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
UNK	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
UNK	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
UNK	run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 
UNK	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
UNK	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
UNK	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
UNK	austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 
UNK	imamura's delight in the infinite oddity of men and women is goofy ; it's also , at heart , reverent . 
UNK	if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
UNK	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
UNK	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
UNK	scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
UNK	big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge . 
UNK	the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way . 
UNK	teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 
UNK	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
UNK	elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
UNK	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
UNK	unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute . 
UNK	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
UNK	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
UNK	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
UNK	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
UNK	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
UNK	will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 
UNK	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
UNK	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
UNK	sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
UNK	friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
UNK	there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
UNK	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
UNK	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
UNK	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
UNK	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
UNK	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
UNK	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
UNK	the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 
UNK	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
UNK	the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
UNK	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
UNK	the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 
UNK	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
UNK	the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 
UNK	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
UNK	with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 
UNK	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
UNK	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
UNK	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
UNK	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
UNK	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
UNK	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
UNK	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
UNK	in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
UNK	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
UNK	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
UNK	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
UNK	on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 
UNK	based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 
UNK	the boy gets a shock when he comes to know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 
UNK	sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
UNK	jimmy sees the tv proposal and returns to town convinced that he can change her mind , however he faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 
UNK	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 
UNK	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
UNK	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
UNK	upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in . 
UNK	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
UNK	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 
UNK	panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
UNK	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
UNK	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a two and a half year epic that follows bering strait's amazing cultural fusion-coming of age journey in america . 
UNK	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
UNK	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
UNK	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
UNK	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
UNK	an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character . 
UNK	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
UNK	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
UNK	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
UNK	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
UNK	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
UNK	after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 
UNK	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
UNK	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
UNK	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
UNK	as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
UNK	he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
UNK	devdas was besotted by her stunning beauty and longed to have her back . 
UNK	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
UNK	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
UNK	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
UNK	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
UNK	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
UNK	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
UNK	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
UNK	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
UNK	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 
UNK	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 
UNK	when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
UNK	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
UNK	julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
UNK	[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
UNK	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
UNK	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
UNK	from that moment on nothing is as it was before . . . 
UNK	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
UNK	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
UNK	lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
UNK	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
UNK	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
UNK	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
UNK	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
UNK	in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
UNK	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
UNK	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
UNK	at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 
UNK	a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original gambit of suspense . 
UNK	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
UNK	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely . 
UNK	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
UNK	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
UNK	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
UNK	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
UNK	big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 
UNK	 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 
UNK	não encanta como 'o rei leão' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mas ao menos não cansa como 'atlantis : o reino perdido' . 
UNK	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
UNK	to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 
UNK	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
UNK	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
UNK	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
UNK	how long can gus bishop perpetrate the scam and remain in the shadows while his legendary alter ego basks in the spotlight as the next big thing ? 
UNK	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
UNK	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
UNK	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
UNK	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
UNK	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
UNK	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
UNK	never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick . 
UNK	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
UNK	now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 
UNK	in the end , they discover that balance in life , similar to a well-balanced and sculpted anatomy , is the ultimate achievement . 
UNK	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
UNK	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
UNK	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
UNK	a committed , intelligent and fascinating piece of work with no irony about it . 
UNK	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
UNK	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition . 
UNK	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
UNK	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
UNK	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
UNK	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
UNK	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
UNK	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
UNK	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
UNK	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
UNK	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
UNK	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
UNK	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
UNK	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
UNK	his dream had vanished , so he went home and got a job at his fathers gas station in virgil grove , population 28 . 
UNK	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
UNK	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
UNK	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
UNK	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
UNK	[cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
UNK	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
UNK	harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
UNK	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
UNK	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
UNK	in a world ravaged by disease , disasters and hatred - a worldwide plan which dates back more than 2000 years has been implemented to show people that there's more to life and living then just waste . 
UNK	for all its random chaos , divine secrets works because of the power of its convictions -- and its cast . 
UNK	soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 
UNK	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
UNK	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
UNK	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
UNK	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
UNK	a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
UNK	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 
UNK	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
UNK	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
UNK	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
UNK	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
UNK	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 
UNK	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
UNK	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
UNK	while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 
UNK	one is little miss perfect , one is an engaged prom queen , and the other is a pregnant outcast . 
UNK	 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
UNK	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
UNK	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
UNK	the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
UNK	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
UNK	while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 
UNK	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
UNK	it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
UNK	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
UNK	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
UNK	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
UNK	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
UNK	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
UNK	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
UNK	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
UNK	lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 
UNK	abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 
UNK	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
UNK	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
UNK	fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
UNK	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
UNK	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
UNK	the film is rich with colorful characters and enlivened by its strong , convincing picture of rural trinidad . 
UNK	their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
UNK	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
UNK	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
UNK	anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the " for sale " plate into the garbage can . 
UNK	with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
UNK	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
UNK	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
UNK	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
UNK	left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 
UNK	cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
UNK	matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 
UNK	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
UNK	down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
UNK	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
UNK	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
UNK	britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
UNK	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
UNK	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
UNK	the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict . 
UNK	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
UNK	as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 
UNK	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
UNK	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
UNK	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
UNK	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
UNK	a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
UNK	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
UNK	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
UNK	carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 
UNK	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
UNK	perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
UNK	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
UNK	mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 
UNK	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
UNK	documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
UNK	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
UNK	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
UNK	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
UNK	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
UNK	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
UNK	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
UNK	in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
UNK	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
UNK	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
UNK	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
UNK	a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
UNK	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
UNK	not exactly worth a drum roll but a movie with enough collegiate ka-boom to earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation on every sports pic you've seen about the talented hot dog who eventually learns to become a team player . 
UNK	has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
UNK	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
UNK	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
UNK	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
UNK	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
UNK	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
UNK	in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you . 
UNK	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
UNK	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
UNK	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
UNK	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 
UNK	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 
UNK	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
UNK	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
UNK	when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed . 
UNK	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
UNK	a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
UNK	the surprising skill and compassion that group's makers exhibit turns what could have been an uninvolving actor's exercise into a compelling and complicated emotional stew . 
UNK	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
UNK	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
UNK	and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
UNK	inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 
UNK	ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 
UNK	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
UNK	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
UNK	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
UNK	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
UNK	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
UNK	but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 
UNK	matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 
UNK	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
UNK	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
UNK	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
UNK	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
UNK	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief . 
UNK	paco ( debora falabella ) and tonho ( roberto bomtempo ) are illegal brazilian immigrants in new york . 
UNK	it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
UNK	however due to roxie's new found fame , velma is forgotten about . 
UNK	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
UNK	a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
UNK	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
UNK	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
UNK	as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 
UNK	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
UNK	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
UNK	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
UNK	otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
UNK	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
UNK	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
UNK	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
UNK	charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 
UNK	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
UNK	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
UNK	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
UNK	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
UNK	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
UNK	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
UNK	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
UNK	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
UNK	the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
UNK	dr singh's son ( anil kapoor ) stands by his father helping him raise funds for his fathers dream , with the sudden death of dr singh his son falls into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#38 ; gracy singh ) and his father's dream that is yet to be fulfilled . 
UNK	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
UNK	the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
UNK	chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 
UNK	although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws . 
UNK	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
UNK	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
UNK	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
UNK	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
UNK	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
UNK	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
UNK	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
UNK	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
UNK	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
UNK	no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing . 
UNK	downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating . 
UNK	mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch . 
UNK	fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
UNK	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
UNK	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
UNK	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
UNK	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
UNK	sam leads the kids in a running battle with the gunmen throughout the school . 
UNK	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 
UNK	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
UNK	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
UNK	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
UNK	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
UNK	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
UNK	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
UNK	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
UNK	the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 
UNK	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
UNK	for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
UNK	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
UNK	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
UNK	just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
UNK	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
UNK	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
UNK	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
UNK	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
UNK	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
UNK	he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 
UNK	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
UNK	ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
UNK	and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
UNK	joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is just coming back on duty ( by cheating on his medical tests ) . 
UNK	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
UNK	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
UNK	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
UNK	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
UNK	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
UNK	they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
UNK	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 
UNK	an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
UNK	the importance of being earnest resonates and inspires rapid-fire bouts of laughter , perhaps even a few giggles from the author himself , whom posterity has rewarded the last laugh . 
UNK	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
UNK	i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
UNK	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
UNK	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
UNK	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 
UNK	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
UNK	koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
UNK	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
UNK	as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
UNK	at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 
UNK	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
UNK	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
UNK	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
UNK	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 
UNK	the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
UNK	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 
UNK	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
UNK	blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 
UNK	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 
UNK	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
UNK	during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 
UNK	an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 
UNK	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
UNK	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
UNK	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
UNK	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
UNK	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
UNK	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
UNK	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
UNK	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
UNK	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
UNK	unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
UNK	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
UNK	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 
UNK	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
UNK	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
UNK	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
UNK	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
UNK	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
UNK	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
UNK	greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
UNK	part travelogue , part road picture , part meditation on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary little movie might be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is steamy . 
UNK	he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 
UNK	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
UNK	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 
UNK	he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
UNK	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
UNK	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 
UNK	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
UNK	it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 
UNK	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
UNK	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
UNK	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
UNK	and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
UNK	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
UNK	fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
UNK	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
UNK	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
UNK	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
UNK	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
UNK	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
UNK	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
UNK	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
UNK	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
UNK	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
UNK	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
UNK	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
UNK	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
UNK	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
UNK	nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him . 
UNK	the unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and drug use . 
UNK	her lover , a psychiatrist twice her age , becomes twisted in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance . 
UNK	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
UNK	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
UNK	the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
UNK	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
UNK	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
UNK	it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
UNK	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
UNK	compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
UNK	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
UNK	its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
UNK	the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . . 
UNK	the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 
UNK	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
UNK	van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
UNK	standard story of a biker gang taking over a town is not saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean patrcik flanery as the avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with the help of an old codger ( robert forster ) . 
UNK	the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 
UNK	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
UNK	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
UNK	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
UNK	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
UNK	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
UNK	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
UNK	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
UNK	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
UNK	steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
UNK	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
UNK	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
UNK	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
UNK	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
UNK	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 
UNK	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
UNK	'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
UNK	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
UNK	at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
UNK	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
UNK	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
UNK	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
UNK	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
UNK	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
UNK	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
UNK	by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 
UNK	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
UNK	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas . 
UNK	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
UNK	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
UNK	far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
UNK	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
UNK	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
UNK	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
UNK	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
UNK	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
UNK	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
UNK	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
UNK	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
UNK	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
UNK	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
UNK	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
UNK	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
UNK	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
UNK	only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
UNK	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
UNK	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
UNK	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
UNK	as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
UNK	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
UNK	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 
UNK	though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
UNK	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
UNK	trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
UNK	older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
UNK	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
UNK	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
UNK	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
UNK	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
UNK	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
UNK	{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
UNK	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
UNK	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
UNK	but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 
UNK	 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
UNK	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
UNK	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
UNK	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
UNK	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 
UNK	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
UNK	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 
UNK	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
UNK	in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with the bitter realities of their lives prior to that chance encounter . 
UNK	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
UNK	a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
UNK	he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
UNK	 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
UNK	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
UNK	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
UNK	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
UNK	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
UNK	mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
UNK	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
UNK	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 
UNK	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
UNK	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
UNK	this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
UNK	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
UNK	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
UNK	this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 
UNK	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
UNK	20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age . 
UNK	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
UNK	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
UNK	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
UNK	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
UNK	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
UNK	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
UNK	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
UNK	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
UNK	it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 
UNK	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
UNK	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
UNK	but when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . which 
UNK	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
UNK	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
UNK	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
UNK	on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 
UNK	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 
UNK	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
UNK	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
UNK	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
UNK	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
UNK	for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
UNK	the zany search for the shoes begins , as she follows the footsteps through the lively streets of havana , running into the quirky , colorful characters that bring viva zapato and dolore's dream . 
UNK	can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
UNK	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
UNK	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
UNK	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
UNK	when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to give changing lanes credit for giving you food for thought . 
UNK	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
UNK	the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
UNK	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
UNK	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
UNK	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
UNK	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
UNK	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
UNK	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
UNK	an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 
UNK	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
UNK	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
UNK	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
UNK	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
UNK	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
UNK	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
UNK	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
UNK	upon getting together on their spring break , they realize that they are bored in their small suburban connecticut hometown . 
UNK	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 
UNK	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
UNK	there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 
UNK	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
UNK	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
UNK	more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
UNK	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
UNK	his plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 
UNK	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
UNK	after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
UNK	the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
UNK	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 
UNK	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
UNK	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
UNK	so he starts to write an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin . 
UNK	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
UNK	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
UNK	more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
UNK	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
UNK	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
UNK	neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
UNK	drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 
UNK	a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
UNK	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
UNK	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
UNK	an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
UNK	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
UNK	but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer . 
UNK	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
UNK	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
UNK	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
UNK	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
UNK	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
UNK	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
UNK	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
UNK	the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
UNK	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
UNK	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
UNK	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
UNK	 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
UNK	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
UNK	she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
UNK	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
UNK	the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 
UNK	with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's travel agency ( again making her father think it's his idea ) . 
UNK	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
UNK	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
UNK	it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
UNK	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
UNK	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
UNK	fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 
UNK	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
UNK	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
UNK	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
UNK	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
UNK	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 
UNK	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
UNK	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
UNK	after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 
UNK	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
UNK	kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys . 
UNK	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
UNK	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
UNK	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
UNK	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
UNK	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
UNK	for him semana santa is a time to kill . 
UNK	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 
UNK	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
UNK	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
UNK	the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again . 
UNK	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
UNK	he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 
UNK	together with his men , mcnamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission , ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country . 
UNK	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
UNK	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
UNK	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
UNK	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
UNK	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
UNK	 " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 
UNK	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
UNK	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
UNK	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
UNK	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
UNK	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
UNK	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
UNK	seeing no help forthcoming from the sheriff , she turns to the only other person who can help her , jack barone , a grieving father whose daughter , lisa , was the victim of a similar slaying ten years prior . 
UNK	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
UNK	a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
UNK	mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels . 
UNK	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
UNK	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
UNK	these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 
UNK	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
UNK	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
UNK	while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 
UNK	the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
UNK	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
UNK	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
UNK	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
UNK	una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
UNK	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
UNK	mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 
UNK	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
UNK	for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera . 
UNK	when sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes completely lost trying to find him . 
UNK	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
UNK	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
UNK	it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
UNK	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
UNK	sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 
UNK	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
UNK	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
UNK	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
UNK	the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 
UNK	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
UNK	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
UNK	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
UNK	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
UNK	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
UNK	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
UNK	immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square . 
UNK	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
UNK	paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
UNK	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
UNK	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
UNK	luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
UNK	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
UNK	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
UNK	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
UNK	the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
UNK	 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
UNK	seducing ben is only beginning ; she becomes his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , as her obsessions quickly spiral out of control into betrayal , madness and , ultimately , murder . 
UNK	in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 
UNK	eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 
UNK	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
UNK	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
UNK	today marks a special anniversary for the couple and they set out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion picnic . 
UNK	jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
UNK	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
UNK	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
UNK	deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 
UNK	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
UNK	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
UNK	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
UNK	a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
UNK	i'm not sure all about lily chou-chou made sense in my head , but it made sense in my heart . 
UNK	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
UNK	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
UNK	in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 
UNK	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
UNK	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
UNK	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
UNK	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 
UNK	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
UNK	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
UNK	a real step forward for the digital video revolution . 
UNK	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
UNK	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
UNK	the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
UNK	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
UNK	it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
UNK	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
UNK	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
UNK	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
UNK	but she can't escape her suspicion that her husband is having an affair with a teenage girl . 
UNK	some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 
UNK	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
UNK	blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
UNK	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
UNK	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 
UNK	this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 
UNK	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
UNK	she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
UNK	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
UNK	the paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours . 
UNK	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
UNK	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
UNK	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
UNK	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
UNK	max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
UNK	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
UNK	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
UNK	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
UNK	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
UNK	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
UNK	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
UNK	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
UNK	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 
UNK	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
UNK	hank azaria and vincent d'onofrio also star as does screenwriter/comedienne heather morgan as the canine wife . 
UNK	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
UNK	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
UNK	martin is going on a blinddate and in his internal government the ministers are preparing for a routine state visit . 
UNK	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
UNK	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
UNK	documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 
UNK	as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings . 
UNK	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
UNK	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
UNK	kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences . 
UNK	it is marta's simple video that proves to be the most compelling , triggering a series of events that effects all five students and forces them to re-evaluate their own belief in the power of motion pictures . 
UNK	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
UNK	aftermath asks the question , " what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a bank robber ? " 
UNK	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
UNK	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
UNK	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
UNK	arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
UNK	after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 
UNK	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
UNK	their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 
UNK	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
UNK	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
UNK	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
UNK	the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
UNK	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
UNK	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
UNK	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
UNK	but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
UNK	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
UNK	 . . . the movie just might be worth a rental if only for the sight of watching christopher walken belt out a musical number using only his hand and his armpit . 
UNK	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
UNK	a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her . 
UNK	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
UNK	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
UNK	one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
UNK	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
UNK	after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 
UNK	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
UNK	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
UNK	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
UNK	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
UNK	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
UNK	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club , in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances . 
UNK	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
UNK	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
UNK	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
UNK	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
UNK	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
UNK	only a supremely flexible talent like kinnear could whittle away at crane's nuances and come up with thespian gold . 
UNK	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
UNK	rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 
UNK	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
UNK	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
UNK	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
UNK	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
UNK	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
UNK	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
UNK	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
UNK	he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds . 
UNK	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
UNK	the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
UNK	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
UNK	she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 
UNK	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
UNK	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
UNK	this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
UNK	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
UNK	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
UNK	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
UNK	when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 
UNK	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
UNK	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
UNK	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
UNK	a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 
UNK	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 
UNK	as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 
UNK	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
UNK	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 
UNK	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
UNK	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places . 
UNK	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
UNK	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
UNK	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
UNK	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
UNK	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
UNK	paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods . 
UNK	love is a disaster for marie and her best friend liz . 
UNK	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
UNK	they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 
UNK	it is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , but for its destitution . 
UNK	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
UNK	josh is about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at being a vampire . 
UNK	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
UNK	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
UNK	seven-year-old sang-woo is left with his grandmother in a remote village while his mother looks for work . 
UNK	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
UNK	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
UNK	that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
UNK	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
UNK	a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa . 
UNK	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
UNK	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
UNK	we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
UNK	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
UNK	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
UNK	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
UNK	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
UNK	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
UNK	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
UNK	slowly , it changed to love but it was still unsaid . 
UNK	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
UNK	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
UNK	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
UNK	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
UNK	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
UNK	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi . 
UNK	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
UNK	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
UNK	plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 
UNK	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
UNK	the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
UNK	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
UNK	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
UNK	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
UNK	and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony . 
UNK	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
UNK	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
UNK	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
UNK	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
UNK	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
UNK	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
UNK	mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
UNK	dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
UNK	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
UNK	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
UNK	tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
UNK	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
UNK	the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story . 
UNK	beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 
UNK	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
UNK	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
UNK	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
UNK	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
UNK	he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
UNK	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
UNK	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
UNK	the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
UNK	he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one . 
UNK	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
UNK	during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 
UNK	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
UNK	irish eyes are crying explores the relationship between two irish-american brothers in boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough , working class irish neighborhood . 
UNK	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
UNK	green dragon falls prey to some threadbare hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains a high level of maturity and emotion as it examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
UNK	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
UNK	it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 
UNK	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
UNK	johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 
UNK	now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
UNK	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
UNK	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
UNK	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
UNK	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
UNK	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
UNK	just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
UNK	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
UNK	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
UNK	fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 
UNK	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
UNK	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
UNK	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
UNK	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
UNK	worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
UNK	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
UNK	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
UNK	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
UNK	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
UNK	how often do you see a movie about a subject that truly frightens you ? 
UNK	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
UNK	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
UNK	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
UNK	a mafia don ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind such a will which starts an unending war between guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's son-in law and vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 
UNK	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
UNK	it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing . 
UNK	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
UNK	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
UNK	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
UNK	there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome . 
UNK	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
UNK	everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
UNK	fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
UNK	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience . 
UNK	set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 
UNK	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
UNK	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
UNK	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
UNK	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
UNK	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
UNK	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
UNK	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
UNK	there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried with all the rubble and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles with brisk sincerity
UNK	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
UNK	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
UNK	his loving wife maya vows to help get him out of jail . 
UNK	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 
UNK	mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 
UNK	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
UNK	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
UNK	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
UNK	but now , hell is coming back as that black haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to town . 
UNK	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
UNK	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
UNK	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 
UNK	based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 . 
UNK	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
UNK	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
UNK	shown as an episode of " the south bank show " . 
UNK	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
UNK	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
UNK	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
UNK	the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
UNK	exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
UNK	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
UNK	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
UNK	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
UNK	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
UNK	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
UNK	ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
UNK	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
UNK	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
UNK	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
UNK	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
UNK	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
UNK	move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
UNK	the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 
UNK	his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 
UNK	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 
UNK	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
UNK	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
UNK	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
UNK	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
UNK	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
UNK	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
UNK	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
UNK	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
UNK	marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
UNK	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
UNK	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
UNK	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
UNK	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
UNK	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
UNK	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
UNK	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
UNK	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
UNK	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
UNK	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
UNK	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
UNK	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
UNK	we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
UNK	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
UNK	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
UNK	there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
UNK	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
UNK	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
UNK	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
UNK	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
UNK	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
UNK	later he is catering at a party featuring a wise old guru , who gets drunk and passes out . 
UNK	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
UNK	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
UNK	chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
UNK	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
UNK	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
UNK	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
UNK	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
UNK	but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
UNK	disturbing for its unabashed honesty , our cast of characters both love and despise each other , their very actions acknowledging the pressures inherent in a tightly bonded peer group . 
UNK	the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 
UNK	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
UNK	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
UNK	in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 
UNK	a young french journalist , marina , is writing a report on 'the next film starred by melina : the story of lilly' . 
UNK	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
UNK	the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film . 
UNK	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
UNK	after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 
UNK	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
UNK	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
UNK	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
UNK	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
UNK	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
UNK	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
UNK	an account of screenwriter charlie kaufman's ( cage ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the orchid thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant dealer who clones rare orchids then sells them to collectors . 
UNK	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
UNK	three teenagers hit a homeless girl with their car , scared , they drive away , leaving the girl to die on the streets . 
UNK	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
UNK	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
UNK	jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
UNK	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
UNK	also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
UNK	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
UNK	at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 
UNK	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
UNK	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
UNK	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
UNK	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
UNK	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
UNK	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
UNK	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
UNK	levi , is an ex-navy man and an animal rights activist who returns home to find the war at home harder to fight than anything he's ever encountered , but what and who is he fighting for ? 
UNK	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
UNK	hot on the trail of the principle villains , bond travels to iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in korea where it all started . . . 
UNK	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
UNK	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
UNK	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
UNK	their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
UNK	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
UNK	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
UNK	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
UNK	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
UNK	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
UNK	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
UNK	the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 
UNK	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
UNK	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
UNK	after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
UNK	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
UNK	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
UNK	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
UNK	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
UNK	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
UNK	yoyo and cheung promise to get marry in order to please their mothers . 
UNK	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
UNK	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
UNK	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
UNK	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
UNK	the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
UNK	when a dozen graves are desecrated in rural texas , five young people in their 20's investigate , eventually ending up being chased by a family of cannibals , led by a towering and insane brute , dressed in human skins , called leatherface . 
UNK	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
UNK	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
UNK	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
UNK	the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
UNK	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
UNK	chris columbus , the director , does a real wonderful job of being faithful to the story but also taking it into a cinematic era . 
UNK	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 
UNK	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
UNK	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
UNK	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
UNK	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
UNK	with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
UNK	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
UNK	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
UNK	moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 
UNK	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
UNK	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
UNK	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
UNK	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
UNK	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
UNK	this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 
UNK	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
UNK	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
UNK	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
UNK	it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 
UNK	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
UNK	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
UNK	when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 
UNK	they lie in bed but all his advances are instantly rejected by a progressively more nervous ana . 
UNK	when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
UNK	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
UNK	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
UNK	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
UNK	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
UNK	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
UNK	but he finds an unlikely ally in sofia , beno's sultry mistress . 
UNK	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates . 
UNK	they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 
UNK	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
UNK	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
UNK	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 
UNK	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
UNK	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
UNK	a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
UNK	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
UNK	his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
UNK	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
UNK	with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in . 
UNK	a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
UNK	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
UNK	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
UNK	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
UNK	they then took over a pub in glenrowan , where they basically held a party , waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up . 
UNK	tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 
UNK	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
UNK	the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops . 
UNK	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
UNK	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
UNK	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
UNK	jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
UNK	luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
UNK	nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 
UNK	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
UNK	from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
UNK	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
UNK	alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 
UNK	it's sweet and romantic without being cloying or melodramatic . 
UNK	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
UNK	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
UNK	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
UNK	he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
UNK	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
UNK	contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
UNK	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
UNK	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
UNK	when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 
UNK	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
UNK	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
UNK	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
UNK	a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
UNK	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
UNK	beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
UNK	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 
UNK	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
UNK	that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
UNK	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
UNK	one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 
UNK	he lures her back to las vegas to continue her career . 
UNK	a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 
UNK	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
UNK	mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases . 
UNK	while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 
UNK	legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
UNK	as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 
UNK	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
UNK	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
UNK	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
UNK	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
UNK	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
UNK	we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 
UNK	daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
UNK	the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 
UNK	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
UNK	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
UNK	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
UNK	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
UNK	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
UNK	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
UNK	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
UNK	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
UNK	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
UNK	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
UNK	in a botched attempt to organize a protest against their " slave labor " , the women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of the effects of the prison industrial complex on female inmates . 
UNK	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
UNK	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
UNK	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
UNK	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
UNK	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
UNK	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
UNK	this is the story of some of those who left . 
UNK	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
UNK	aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
UNK	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
UNK	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
UNK	at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 
UNK	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
UNK	feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
UNK	smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
UNK	viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
UNK	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
UNK	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
UNK	john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly . 
UNK	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
UNK	however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
UNK	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
UNK	he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project . 
UNK	this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
UNK	as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 
UNK	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- the kind whose impact slowly sneaks up on its audience and haunts them long after leaving the theatre . 
UNK	a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 
UNK	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
UNK	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
UNK	it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
UNK	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 
UNK	possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
UNK	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
UNK	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
UNK	the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
UNK	a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 
UNK	after chance brings them together they create , 'searching for mr right . com , " a web site to locate husbands for marie and liz . 
UNK	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed . 
UNK	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
UNK	he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 
UNK	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
UNK	denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
UNK	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
UNK	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
UNK	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
UNK	uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
UNK	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
UNK	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
UNK	in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
UNK	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
UNK	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
UNK	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
UNK	the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 
UNK	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
UNK	lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
UNK	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 
UNK	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
UNK	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
UNK	yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
UNK	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
UNK	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
UNK	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
UNK	after he's dumped on valentine's day by mallory , his girlfriend of three years , charlie finds himself obsessed and unable to live a normal life without her . 
UNK	just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
UNK	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
UNK	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
UNK	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
UNK	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
UNK	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
UNK	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
UNK	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
UNK	a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 
UNK	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
UNK	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
UNK	and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
UNK	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
UNK	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
UNK	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
UNK	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
UNK	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
UNK	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
UNK	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
UNK	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
UNK	shane bradley , who is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the girl of his dreams . 
UNK	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
UNK	as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 
UNK	his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
UNK	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
UNK	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
UNK	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
UNK	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
UNK	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
UNK	in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
UNK	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
UNK	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
UNK	he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 
UNK	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
UNK	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 
UNK	it has been 10 years since a 13 year old eve has left her homeland and emigrated in nyc with her parents . 
UNK	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
UNK	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
UNK	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
UNK	the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
UNK	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
UNK	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
UNK	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
UNK	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
UNK	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
UNK	thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
UNK	missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
UNK	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
UNK	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
UNK	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
UNK	the fake " attack " turns into a bloodbath . 
UNK	henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream . 
UNK	it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
UNK	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
UNK	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
UNK	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
UNK	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
UNK	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
UNK	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
UNK	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
UNK	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
UNK	before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 
UNK	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
UNK	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
UNK	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
UNK	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
UNK	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
UNK	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
UNK	while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
UNK	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
UNK	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
UNK	tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 
UNK	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
UNK	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
UNK	jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
UNK	as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
UNK	it has something of the aura of four weddings and a funeral about it , mixed in with a bit of bridget jones's diary , but the movie's just too different , too risky for huge popularity . 
UNK	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
UNK	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
UNK	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
UNK	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
UNK	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
UNK	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
UNK	we participate in a world full of joy , hate , love and racism . 
UNK	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
UNK	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
UNK	the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
UNK	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
UNK	charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
UNK	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
UNK	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
UNK	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
UNK	yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 
UNK	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
UNK	when an international criminal ( dacascos ) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as part of a diamond heist , it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search ( led by a government agent played by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 
UNK	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
UNK	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
UNK	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
UNK	his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him . 
UNK	a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
UNK	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
UNK	these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 
UNK	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
UNK	a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 
UNK	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 
UNK	but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 
UNK	scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians montell jordan and joan osborne singing covers are spectacular . 
UNK	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
UNK	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
UNK	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun . 
UNK	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
UNK	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
UNK	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
UNK	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
UNK	and what better place for romance than coney island ? 
UNK	after this unusual , tragic experience , paul begins to realize that he has just lost his mom . 
UNK	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
UNK	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
UNK	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
UNK	but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
UNK	frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring . 
UNK	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
UNK	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
UNK	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
UNK	a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
UNK	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 
UNK	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
UNK	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
UNK	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
UNK	like most of godard's films , in praise of love makes you stay awake and lean forward . 
UNK	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
UNK	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
UNK	when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 
UNK	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
UNK	the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods . 
UNK	when simone agrees to a blind date with oliver at the hottest restaurant in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 
UNK	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
UNK	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
UNK	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
UNK	one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
UNK	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
UNK	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
UNK	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
UNK	plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
UNK	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
UNK	by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 
UNK	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
UNK	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
UNK	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
UNK	beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 
UNK	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
UNK	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
UNK	he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
UNK	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
UNK	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
UNK	allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
UNK	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
UNK	a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
UNK	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
UNK	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
UNK	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
UNK	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
UNK	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
UNK	she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 
UNK	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
UNK	the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 
UNK	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
UNK	 . . . the best movie featuring the next generation cast , and a movie that's ( almost ) every bit as great as [treks] ii and vi . 
UNK	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
UNK	for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 
UNK	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 
UNK	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
UNK	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
UNK	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
UNK	the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 
UNK	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
UNK	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
UNK	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 
UNK	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
UNK	until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
UNK	spirited away has the quality of a dream : it takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along . 
UNK	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
UNK	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
UNK	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
UNK	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
UNK	director joe maggio's riveting film is blessed with a solid cast . 
UNK	she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
UNK	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
UNK	some of his most popular work was when he played " johnny wadd " private detective . 
UNK	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
UNK	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
UNK	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
UNK	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
UNK	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
UNK	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
UNK	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
UNK	 " the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 
UNK	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
UNK	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
UNK	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
UNK	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
UNK	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
UNK	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 
UNK	against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
UNK	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
UNK	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
UNK	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
UNK	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
UNK	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
UNK	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
UNK	he has come to earth to spearhead an invasion . 
UNK	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
UNK	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
UNK	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
UNK	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
UNK	 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
UNK	while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love . 
UNK	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
UNK	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
UNK	this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
UNK	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
UNK	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
UNK	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
UNK	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
UNK	a continually fascinating exploration of the physical and psychological pain and pleasure of a bizarre relationship . 
UNK	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
UNK	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
UNK	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
UNK	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
UNK	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
UNK	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
UNK	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
UNK	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
UNK	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
UNK	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
UNK	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
UNK	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
UNK	ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years . 
UNK	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
UNK	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
UNK	you get the feeling that the filmmakers did their homework and that they're here to represent a harsh reality . " 
UNK	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
UNK	he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
UNK	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
UNK	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
UNK	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
UNK	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
UNK	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
UNK	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
UNK	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
UNK	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 
UNK	mary is an 18-year-old high school senior , and joe , her fianc&#233 ; , is 23 , working hard to get techweb established as an internet consulting firm . 
UNK	as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not . 
UNK	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
UNK	along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
UNK	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
UNK	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
UNK	making use of homemade steel helmets and chest plates to stop bullets , they committed a series of robberies from 1878-80 , when kelly was captured and hanged in melbourne . 
UNK	one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
UNK	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
UNK	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara . 
UNK	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
UNK	the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
UNK	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
UNK	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
UNK	reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
UNK	rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 
UNK	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
UNK	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
UNK	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
UNK	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
UNK	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
UNK	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
UNK	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
UNK	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
UNK	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
UNK	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
UNK	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
UNK	a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 
UNK	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
UNK	she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 
UNK	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
UNK	in a place soon to be known as the valley of death , in a small clearing called landing zone x-ray , lt . colonel hal moore ( mel gibson ) and 400 young fathers , husbands , brothers , and sons , all troopers from an elite american combat division , were surrounded by 2 , 000 north vietnamese soldiers . 
UNK	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
UNK	testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
UNK	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
UNK	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
UNK	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
UNK	those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
UNK	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 
UNK	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 
UNK	through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
UNK	the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission . 
UNK	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
UNK	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
UNK	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
UNK	mst3k gone kung fooey , kung pow ! makes you chuckle for a bit , but leaves you hungry an hour later . 
UNK	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
UNK	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
UNK	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
UNK	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
UNK	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
UNK	this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 
UNK	meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 
UNK	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
UNK	the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
UNK	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 
UNK	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
UNK	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 
UNK	then a final " test " is made to come to a decision . . . 
UNK	so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
UNK	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
UNK	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
UNK	if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
UNK	when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
UNK	 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
UNK	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
UNK	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
UNK	a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
UNK	the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
UNK	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 
UNK	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
UNK	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
UNK	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
UNK	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
UNK	with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
UNK	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself . 
UNK	the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding . 
UNK	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
UNK	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
UNK	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
UNK	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
UNK	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
UNK	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
UNK	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
UNK	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
UNK	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
UNK	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
UNK	patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
UNK	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
UNK	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
UNK	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 
UNK	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
UNK	both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
UNK	birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
UNK	when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 
UNK	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
UNK	when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 
UNK	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
UNK	documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 
UNK	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
UNK	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
UNK	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
UNK	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
UNK	devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
UNK	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
UNK	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
UNK	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
UNK	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
UNK	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
UNK	a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
UNK	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
UNK	his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands . 
UNK	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 
UNK	makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
UNK	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
UNK	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
UNK	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
UNK	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
UNK	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
UNK	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
UNK	all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
UNK	the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
UNK	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
UNK	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
UNK	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
UNK	chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 
UNK	berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
UNK	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
UNK	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
UNK	 " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 
UNK	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
UNK	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
UNK	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
UNK	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
UNK	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
UNK	they get away in their mini coopers , which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears . 
UNK	to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 
UNK	starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
UNK	three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
UNK	while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan . 
UNK	unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered . 
UNK	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
UNK	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
UNK	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
UNK	the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
UNK	in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck . 
UNK	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 
UNK	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
UNK	paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 
UNK	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
UNK	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
UNK	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
UNK	an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 
UNK	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
UNK	diesel stars as xander " xxx " cage , the notorious underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 
UNK	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
UNK	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
UNK	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
UNK	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 
UNK	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
UNK	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
UNK	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
UNK	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
UNK	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
UNK	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
UNK	this is the film training day wanted to be . 
UNK	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
UNK	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
UNK	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 
UNK	beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
UNK	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
UNK	unfortunately , the insurance would not cover his son's transplant . 
UNK	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
UNK	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
UNK	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure . 
UNK	the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
UNK	rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
UNK	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
UNK	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
UNK	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 
UNK	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
UNK	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
UNK	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
UNK	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
UNK	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
UNK	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
UNK	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
UNK	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
UNK	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
UNK	life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
UNK	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
UNK	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
UNK	caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
UNK	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
UNK	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
UNK	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
UNK	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
UNK	after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 
UNK	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
UNK	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
UNK	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
UNK	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
UNK	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
UNK	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
UNK	the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 
UNK	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
UNK	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
UNK	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
UNK	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
UNK	when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make . 
UNK	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 
UNK	in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 
UNK	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
UNK	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
UNK	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
UNK	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
UNK	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
UNK	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
UNK	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 
UNK	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
UNK	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
UNK	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
UNK	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
UNK	the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 
UNK	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
UNK	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 
UNK	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
UNK	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
UNK	it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
UNK	the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 
UNK	frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
UNK	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
UNK	his mother wants a normal life for herself and finnigan . 
UNK	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
UNK	there's a fine chemistry of contrasts between lau's exuberance and the quiet , slow-burning intensity takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
UNK	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
UNK	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
UNK	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
UNK	this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
UNK	this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
UNK	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
UNK	elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
UNK	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
UNK	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
UNK	 . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
UNK	when the us government " recruits " him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . 
UNK	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
UNK	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
UNK	eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it . 
UNK	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
UNK	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
UNK	only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 
UNK	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 
UNK	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
UNK	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
UNK	a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man . 
UNK	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
UNK	 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
UNK	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
UNK	the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 
UNK	the documentary makes no waves and tries to be as upbeat as the musicians it tells about . 
UNK	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
UNK	while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
UNK	talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
UNK	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
UNK	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
UNK	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
UNK	it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see . 
UNK	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
UNK	 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
UNK	he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
UNK	they don't see eye-to-eye on clothes , hair , music , and certainly not in each other's taste in men . 
UNK	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
UNK	as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
UNK	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
UNK	it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains . 
UNK	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
UNK	red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
UNK	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
UNK	a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 
UNK	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
UNK	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
UNK	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
UNK	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
UNK	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
UNK	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
UNK	rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz . 
UNK	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
UNK	the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals . 
UNK	but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
UNK	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
UNK	 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
UNK	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
UNK	this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 
UNK	'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 
UNK	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
UNK	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
UNK	however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
UNK	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
UNK	babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 
UNK	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
UNK	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
UNK	the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
UNK	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
UNK	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
UNK	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
UNK	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
UNK	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
UNK	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
UNK	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
UNK	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
UNK	halloween : resurrection is surprisingly effective , especially the opening sequence featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
UNK	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
UNK	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
UNK	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
UNK	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
UNK	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
UNK	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
UNK	all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 
UNK	are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
UNK	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
UNK	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
UNK	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
UNK	kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights . 
UNK	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
UNK	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
UNK	he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 
UNK	what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
UNK	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
UNK	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
UNK	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
UNK	mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard . 
UNK	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
UNK	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
UNK	jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
UNK	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
UNK	hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
UNK	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
UNK	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
UNK	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
UNK	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
UNK	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
UNK	they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they might be able to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago . 
UNK	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
UNK	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
UNK	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
UNK	together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
UNK	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
UNK	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
UNK	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
UNK	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
UNK	but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
UNK	when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer . 
UNK	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
UNK	tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
UNK	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
UNK	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
UNK	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
UNK	 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
UNK	a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends . 
UNK	starry-eyed forest ranger , jackie , rescues the hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident . 
UNK	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
UNK	over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 
UNK	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
UNK	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
UNK	lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 
UNK	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
UNK	a great looking , trippy adventure . i can't wait for the next one . 
UNK	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
UNK	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
UNK	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
UNK	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
UNK	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
UNK	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
UNK	 " the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan . 
UNK	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
UNK	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
UNK	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
UNK	eventually , he builds a successful career as a us attorney . 
UNK	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
UNK	it is her destiny to sing in the movies a final wish before the afterlife . 
UNK	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
UNK	john may have been an unfortunate victim forced to watch the brutal murders . 
UNK	but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
UNK	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
UNK	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
UNK	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
UNK	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 
UNK	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
UNK	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
UNK	one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
UNK	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
UNK	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
UNK	chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 
UNK	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
UNK	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
UNK	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
UNK	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
UNK	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
UNK	this undercover documentary takes you deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where the limits are constantly being tested . . . and 
UNK	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
UNK	once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 
UNK	together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
UNK	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
UNK	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
UNK	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
UNK	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
UNK	sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche . 
UNK	her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) . 
UNK	a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
UNK	bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
UNK	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
UNK	will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
UNK	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
UNK	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of secrets is to last year's freshman introduction . in short , it's bigger and better . 
UNK	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
UNK	he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
UNK	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
UNK	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
UNK	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 
UNK	as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis . 
UNK	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
UNK	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
UNK	he has to walk through some of the worst areas in l . a . 
UNK	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
UNK	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
UNK	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
UNK	people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it . 
UNK	at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be . 
UNK	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
UNK	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
UNK	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
UNK	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
UNK	poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 
UNK	he resorts to whiskey-smuggling , a traditional family occupation . 
UNK	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
UNK	one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
UNK	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
UNK	a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 
UNK	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
UNK	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
UNK	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
UNK	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
UNK	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
UNK	they all decide to go together and they leave . 
UNK	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
UNK	how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
UNK	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
UNK	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
UNK	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
UNK	the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on . 
UNK	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
UNK	more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
UNK	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 
UNK	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
UNK	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
UNK	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
UNK	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
UNK	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
UNK	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
UNK	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
UNK	he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 
UNK	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
UNK	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
UNK	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
UNK	once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife . 
UNK	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
UNK	she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
UNK	this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
UNK	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
UNK	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
UNK	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
UNK	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
UNK	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
UNK	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
UNK	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
UNK	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 
UNK	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
UNK	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
UNK	soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
UNK	nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
UNK	when the three precogs , who only work together , floating connected in a tank of fluid , have a vision , the names of the victim and the perpetrator as well as video imagery of the crime and the exact time it will happen , are given out to the special cops who then try to prevent the crime from happening . 
UNK	but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
UNK	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
UNK	locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
UNK	it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
UNK	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
UNK	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
UNK	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
UNK	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
UNK	oliver , an emotional gigolo who doesn't belive he deserves to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but ends up meeting lulu . 
UNK	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
UNK	forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 
UNK	wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
UNK	this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 
UNK	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
UNK	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
UNK	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
UNK	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
UNK	then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
UNK	after a failed marriage to ali macgraw , a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder , he disappeared into near-obscurity . 
UNK	jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
UNK	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
UNK	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 
UNK	the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 
UNK	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
UNK	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
UNK	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
UNK	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
UNK	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
UNK	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
UNK	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
UNK	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
UNK	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
UNK	tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 
UNK	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
UNK	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
UNK	clerick john preston ( bale ) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . 
UNK	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 
UNK	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
UNK	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
UNK	kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 
UNK	three stories delicately intertwined by the beauty of sadness . 
UNK	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
UNK	steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
UNK	confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' . 
UNK	when they reach la , lucy ( britney spears ) falls in love with ben and against her father's wishes , she stays and she goes to the audition . 
UNK	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
UNK	keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 
UNK	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
UNK	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
UNK	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
UNK	raja also manages to go to malaysia with them . 
UNK	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
UNK	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
UNK	after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
UNK	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
UNK	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
UNK	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
UNK	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
UNK	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
UNK	she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 
UNK	 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
UNK	in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
UNK	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
UNK	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
UNK	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
UNK	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
UNK	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 
UNK	a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 
UNK	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
UNK	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
UNK	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
UNK	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
UNK	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
UNK	however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
UNK	cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
UNK	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
UNK	a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 
UNK	then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 
UNK	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
UNK	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
UNK	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
UNK	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
UNK	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
UNK	more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
UNK	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
UNK	each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
UNK	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
UNK	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
UNK	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
UNK	they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
UNK	this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
UNK	multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
UNK	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
UNK	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
UNK	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
UNK	as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex . 
UNK	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
UNK	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
UNK	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
UNK	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
UNK	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
UNK	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
UNK	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
UNK	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
UNK	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
UNK	torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
UNK	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
UNK	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
UNK	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
UNK	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
UNK	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
UNK	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
UNK	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
UNK	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
UNK	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
UNK	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
UNK	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
UNK	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 
UNK	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
UNK	arcangel gets a message from his brother telling that their father is very sick . 
UNK	watching les destinées , whose pace may not be for everyone , is to be virtually part of the creative process . 
UNK	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
UNK	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
UNK	the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
UNK	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
UNK	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
UNK	in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
UNK	charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre . 
UNK	but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell . 
UNK	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
UNK	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
UNK	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
UNK	it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
UNK	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
UNK	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
UNK	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 
UNK	woody allen plays val waxman , a film director , who was once big in the 1970's and 1980's , but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . 
UNK	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
UNK	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
UNK	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
UNK	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
UNK	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
UNK	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
UNK	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
UNK	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
UNK	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
UNK	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
UNK	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
UNK	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
UNK	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
UNK	before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 
UNK	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
UNK	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
UNK	but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 
UNK	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
UNK	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
UNK	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
UNK	no , the dangerous lives of altar boys does not exist in a state of perfect grace . however , its sins are forgivably venial , because its virtues are palpably human . 
UNK	through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 
UNK	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
UNK	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 
UNK	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
UNK	the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
UNK	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
UNK	the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 
UNK	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
UNK	but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
UNK	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
UNK	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
UNK	each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 
UNK	ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável . 
UNK	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
UNK	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
UNK	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
UNK	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
UNK	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
UNK	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
UNK	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
UNK	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
UNK	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
UNK	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
UNK	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
UNK	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
UNK	she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment . 
UNK	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
UNK	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
UNK	a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 
UNK	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
UNK	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
UNK	but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 
UNK	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 
UNK	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affairs of the heart , and is well worth seeing for its elective affinities alone . 
UNK	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
UNK	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
UNK	soon , the entire team is self-destructing , and bret couldn't be happier . 
UNK	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
UNK	he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 
UNK	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
UNK	the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
UNK	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
UNK	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
UNK	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
UNK	as a film director , labute continues to improve . 
UNK	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 
UNK	she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 
UNK	may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
UNK	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
UNK	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
UNK	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
UNK	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
UNK	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
UNK	when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 
UNK	little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 
UNK	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 
UNK	the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield . 
UNK	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
UNK	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
UNK	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
UNK	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
UNK	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
UNK	they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 
UNK	in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 
UNK	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
UNK	thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 
UNK	as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 
UNK	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
UNK	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
UNK	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
UNK	you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
UNK	a seemingly inconistent game of " taboo " brings out the vile secrets and sexual desires from a group of six college graduates at a remote mansion where one of them flips out and proceeds to kill the rest in the manner of their secrets . 
UNK	he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
UNK	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
UNK	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
UNK	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
UNK	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
UNK	i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
UNK	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
UNK	set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 
UNK	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
UNK	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
UNK	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
UNK	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
UNK	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
UNK	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
UNK	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
UNK	in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
UNK	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
UNK	the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
UNK	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
UNK	juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
UNK	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
UNK	as he tries to re-discover the family that he abandoned long ago , he is forced to confront the anxieties in his memories - the family he betrayed and abandoned at the expense of his own happiness . 
UNK	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
UNK	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
UNK	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
UNK	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
UNK	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
UNK	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
UNK	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
UNK	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
UNK	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
UNK	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
UNK	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
UNK	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
UNK	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
UNK	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
UNK	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
UNK	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
UNK	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
UNK	there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 
UNK	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
UNK	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
UNK	eventually moves and stirs you , even if it often resembles those steamy mexican tv dramas/soap operas called telenovelas . 
UNK	billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
UNK	it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it . 
UNK	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
UNK	however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
UNK	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
UNK	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
UNK	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
UNK	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
UNK	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
UNK	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
UNK	an entertaining but unspectacular film . pretty goofy at times - but the slick and gleefully self-indulgent violence will not disappoint the action fan . 
UNK	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
UNK	straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
UNK	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
UNK	this film is difficult to watch for the inhumanity it depicts , but important to see for its factual elements and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of maintaining one's humanity . 
UNK	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 
UNK	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
UNK	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
UNK	a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves . 
UNK	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
UNK	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
UNK	moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 
UNK	a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen . 
UNK	bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 
UNK	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
UNK	when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
UNK	in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 
UNK	in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field . 
UNK	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
UNK	both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
UNK	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
UNK	but his mentor and " trainer " joe ( chazz palminteri ) , a shady hustler who decides how and who johnny plays , is holding him back from his dream . 
UNK	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
UNK	every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 
UNK	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
UNK	she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
UNK	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
UNK	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
UNK	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
UNK	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
UNK	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
UNK	however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days . 
UNK	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
UNK	for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
UNK	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
UNK	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
UNK	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
UNK	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
UNK	arrested and imprisoned in a juvenile detention facility , leland comes in contact with an aspiring writer and prison teacher , pearl madison ( cheadle ) . 
UNK	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
UNK	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
UNK	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
UNK	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
UNK	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
UNK	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
UNK	in order to protect his sister , eddie - disabled , betrayed and alone - journeys into the heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that the reason for his ordeal lies in his own past sins and those of his adversary charlie strom . 
UNK	young nicholas and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father dies and the family is left penniless . 
UNK	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
UNK	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
UNK	now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 
UNK	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
UNK	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
UNK	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
UNK	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
UNK	you see what he sees , you feel what he feels , you experience the horrible delusions and the verge of insanity as he struggles to find the thinning line between reality and the subconscious . 
UNK	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 
UNK	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
UNK	they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 
UNK	martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
UNK	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
UNK	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
UNK	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
UNK	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
UNK	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
UNK	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
UNK	the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
UNK	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
UNK	in 1650 , capt . jameson macaulay has decided to remarry and returns to his castle to take down his deceased wife's portrait . 
UNK	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
UNK	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness . 
UNK	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
UNK	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
UNK	led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 
UNK	the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 
UNK	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
UNK	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
UNK	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
UNK	he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world . 
UNK	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
UNK	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
UNK	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
UNK	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
UNK	a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
UNK	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
UNK	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
UNK	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
UNK	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
UNK	this is a man's man , a ladies man , a super-hero : he's ted davis : " bachelorman " when the woman of his dreams , " heather " moves in next door , ted's ordeal begins . 
UNK	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
UNK	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
UNK	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
UNK	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
UNK	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
UNK	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
UNK	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
UNK	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
UNK	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
UNK	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
UNK	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
UNK	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
UNK	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
UNK	will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
UNK	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
UNK	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
UNK	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
UNK	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
UNK	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
UNK	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
UNK	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
UNK	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
UNK	a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 
UNK	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
UNK	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
UNK	told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 
UNK	this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 
UNK	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
UNK	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
UNK	toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 
UNK	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
UNK	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
UNK	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
UNK	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
UNK	mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
UNK	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
UNK	we're not talking a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet falls short of gem status , it should provide youngsters with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
UNK	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
UNK	charlie is heartbroken when his girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks up with him . 
UNK	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
UNK	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
UNK	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
UNK	hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 
UNK	they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 
UNK	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
UNK	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
UNK	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
UNK	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
UNK	though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of life keep the movie surprisingly upbeat . 
UNK	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
UNK	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
UNK	the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
UNK	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
UNK	tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
UNK	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
UNK	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
UNK	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
UNK	through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
UNK	father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 
UNK	speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
UNK	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
UNK	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
UNK	a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
UNK	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
UNK	when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 
UNK	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
UNK	it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny . 
UNK	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
UNK	though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
UNK	the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
UNK	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
UNK	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
UNK	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
UNK	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
UNK	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
UNK	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
UNK	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
UNK	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
UNK	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
UNK	clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency . 
UNK	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
UNK	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
UNK	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
UNK	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
UNK	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
UNK	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
UNK	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
UNK	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
UNK	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
UNK	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
UNK	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
UNK	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
UNK	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 
UNK	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
UNK	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
UNK	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
UNK	using two separate filmmaking teams ( an all-white crew filming white residents and an all-black camera crew filming black residents ) , two towns of jasper captures very different racial views by townsfolk in jasper , texas , the location for a racially motivated murder of an african american in 1998 . 
UNK	a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity . 
UNK	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
UNK	by turns whimsical and absurdist , babek payami's secret ballot is a slight but likable iranian film with the flavor of a shaggy-dog story conceived by samuel beckett and directed by jim jarmusch . 
UNK	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
UNK	as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 
UNK	 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
UNK	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
UNK	he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
UNK	in this emotionally compelling documentary , sister helen opens a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in the south bronx after the death of her husband and two sons . 
UNK	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
UNK	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
UNK	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
UNK	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
UNK	however when her doodles of a spiralling forest continue to draw themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will see her removed from her dull form . 
UNK	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
UNK	when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
UNK	now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 
UNK	throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
UNK	hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
UNK	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
UNK	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
UNK	all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 
UNK	the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 
UNK	soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge . 
UNK	soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 
UNK	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
UNK	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
UNK	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
UNK	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
UNK	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
UNK	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
UNK	his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 
UNK	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
UNK	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
UNK	with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
UNK	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
UNK	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
UNK	spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
UNK	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
UNK	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
UNK	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
UNK	these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . ' 
UNK	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
UNK	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
UNK	what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
UNK	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
UNK	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
UNK	 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
UNK	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
UNK	one of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while , leo has great fun in the role . 
UNK	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
UNK	when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 
UNK	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
UNK	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
UNK	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
UNK	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
UNK	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
UNK	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
UNK	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
UNK	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
UNK	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
UNK	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 
UNK	packed with spectacular special effects and martial arts action , the monk , kar , and a sexy russian mob princess called bad girl must struggle to find , face , and fight the ultimate enemy . 
UNK	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
UNK	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
UNK	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
UNK	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
UNK	july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death . 
UNK	 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
UNK	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
UNK	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
UNK	when the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes himself into the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 
UNK	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
UNK	their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
UNK	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
UNK	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
UNK	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
UNK	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
UNK	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
UNK	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
UNK	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
UNK	a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 
UNK	a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
UNK	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
UNK	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
UNK	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 
UNK	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
UNK	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
UNK	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
UNK	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
UNK	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
UNK	but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 
UNK	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat . 
UNK	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
UNK	~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which they will let themselves be killed . 
UNK	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
UNK	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
UNK	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
UNK	her husband , eric , becomes obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's moves become increasingly unpredictable . 
UNK	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
UNK	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
UNK	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
UNK	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
UNK	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
UNK	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
UNK	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
UNK	in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 
UNK	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
UNK	director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
UNK	together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall . 
UNK	it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
UNK	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
UNK	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
UNK	the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 
UNK	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
UNK	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
UNK	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
UNK	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
UNK	a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives . 
UNK	on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 
UNK	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
UNK	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
UNK	but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 
UNK	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 
UNK	this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
UNK	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
UNK	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
UNK	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
UNK	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
UNK	aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience . 
UNK	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
UNK	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
UNK	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
UNK	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
UNK	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
UNK	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
UNK	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
UNK	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
UNK	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
UNK	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
UNK	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 
UNK	however , they must ge the migt baby product done before they can settle their personal affairs . 
UNK	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
UNK	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
UNK	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
UNK	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
UNK	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
UNK	obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 
UNK	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
UNK	meena's growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 
UNK	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
UNK	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
UNK	maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 
UNK	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
UNK	the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
UNK	 " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 
UNK	when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down . 
UNK	throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
UNK	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
UNK	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
UNK	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
UNK	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
UNK	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
UNK	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
UNK	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
UNK	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
UNK	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
UNK	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
UNK	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
UNK	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
UNK	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
UNK	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
UNK	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
UNK	with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
UNK	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
UNK	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
UNK	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
UNK	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
UNK	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
UNK	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
UNK	genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
UNK	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
UNK	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
UNK	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
UNK	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
UNK	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
UNK	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
UNK	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
UNK	they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 
UNK	a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
UNK	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
UNK	a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 
UNK	sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 
UNK	amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
UNK	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
UNK	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
UNK	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
UNK	later in life , reinalda has achieved fame and fortune - two of the three things she has always desired . 
UNK	he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
UNK	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
UNK	the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
UNK	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
UNK	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 
UNK	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
UNK	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
UNK	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
UNK	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
UNK	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
UNK	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
UNK	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
UNK	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
UNK	the heart of the film is the drop dead sexy drea de matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene . 
UNK	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
UNK	 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
UNK	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
UNK	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
UNK	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
UNK	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
UNK	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
UNK	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
UNK	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
UNK	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
UNK	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
UNK	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
UNK	tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 
UNK	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
UNK	in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
UNK	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
UNK	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
UNK	this is scorsese's finest work , and one of the best films of 2002 . 
UNK	the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy . 
UNK	they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 
UNK	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
UNK	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
UNK	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
UNK	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
UNK	the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist . 
UNK	the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 
UNK	rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
UNK	the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 
UNK	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
UNK	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
UNK	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
UNK	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
UNK	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
UNK	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
UNK	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
UNK	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
UNK	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
UNK	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
UNK	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
UNK	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
UNK	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
UNK	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
UNK	due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 
UNK	in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
UNK	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
UNK	less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
UNK	this movie centers around the new pok&#233 ; mon celebi , a one-of-a-kind veggie-like bug whose only kin are celebi from other points in time . 
UNK	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
UNK	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
UNK	sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
UNK	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
UNK	each of the principals has a radically different way of dealing with it . 
UNK	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
UNK	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
UNK	enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
UNK	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
UNK	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
UNK	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
UNK	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
UNK	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
UNK	a faction of political separatists , led by count dooku , attempts to assassinate her . 
UNK	 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
UNK	along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
UNK	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
UNK	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
UNK	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
UNK	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
UNK	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
UNK	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 
UNK	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
UNK	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
UNK	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
UNK	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
UNK	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
UNK	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
UNK	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
UNK	she has two men in her life : wealthy divorcee ray porter ( steve martin ) and struggling musician jeremy . 
UNK	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
UNK	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
UNK	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
UNK	this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child . 
UNK	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
UNK	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
UNK	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
UNK	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
UNK	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
UNK	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
UNK	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
UNK	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
UNK	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
UNK	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 
UNK	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
UNK	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
UNK	painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich , colorful details . 
UNK	by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
UNK	he checks into a rehab clinic that specializes in treating law enforcement officials . 
UNK	harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
UNK	 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
UNK	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
UNK	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
UNK	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
UNK	although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
UNK	after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
UNK	when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 
UNK	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
UNK	passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 
UNK	in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time . 
UNK	davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
UNK	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
UNK	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
UNK	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
UNK	three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
UNK	they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
UNK	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
UNK	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
UNK	a witty and suspenseful tone poem with a magnetic isabelle huppert as a perverse , central character . 
UNK	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
UNK	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
UNK	all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
UNK	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
UNK	they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
UNK	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
UNK	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
UNK	but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
UNK	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
UNK	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
UNK	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would . 
UNK	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
UNK	and the date of his life turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 
UNK	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
UNK	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
UNK	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
UNK	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
UNK	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
UNK	as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
UNK	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
UNK	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
UNK	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
UNK	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
UNK	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
UNK	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
UNK	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
UNK	the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
UNK	after the death of a " mucker " and two others opposing her sect , the local authorities decide to act against her and her followers . 
UNK	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
UNK	no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water . 
UNK	when he arrives he finds that the cousin has been missing for your years , leaving behind a wife and five daughters living in a small town full of secrets of blackmail and murder . 
UNK	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
UNK	a week or so later the lapd is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room that he's hiding out in and throw him in la county's celebrity wing . 
UNK	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
UNK	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
UNK	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
UNK	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
UNK	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
UNK	erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 
UNK	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
UNK	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
UNK	unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
UNK	after a confrontation with a house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the weasley house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in a flying car . 
UNK	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
UNK	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 
UNK	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
UNK	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
UNK	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
UNK	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
UNK	responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
UNK	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 
UNK	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
UNK	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
UNK	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
UNK	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
UNK	this is a delightful comedy with countless celebrity cameos by dave foley , jeff goldblum , and jack black just to name a few . 
UNK	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
UNK	well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
UNK	anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 
UNK	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
UNK	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
UNK	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
UNK	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
UNK	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
UNK	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
UNK	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
UNK	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
UNK	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
UNK	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
UNK	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
UNK	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
UNK	now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . . 
UNK	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 
UNK	director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
UNK	investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 
UNK	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
UNK	as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 
UNK	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
UNK	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
UNK	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
UNK	thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 
UNK	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
UNK	along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 
UNK	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
UNK	detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case . 
UNK	all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
UNK	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
UNK	[denis] might be off her nut , but she can sure make an interesting film , a la davids lynch and cronenberg . 
UNK	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
UNK	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
UNK	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
UNK	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
UNK	certainly no biopic , nijinsky is short on facts , but long on expression . 
UNK	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
UNK	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
UNK	it's not an important picture , and probably not even a memorable one , but i had a good time . 
UNK	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 
UNK	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
UNK	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
UNK	it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
UNK	they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 
UNK	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
UNK	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
UNK	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
UNK	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list . 
UNK	she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love . 
UNK	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
UNK	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
UNK	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
UNK	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
UNK	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
UNK	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
UNK	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
UNK	this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is . 
UNK	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
UNK	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
UNK	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
UNK	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
UNK	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
UNK	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
UNK	months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 
UNK	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
UNK	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
UNK	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 
UNK	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
UNK	tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 
UNK	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
UNK	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
UNK	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
UNK	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
UNK	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
UNK	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
UNK	at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
UNK	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
UNK	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
UNK	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
UNK	women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
UNK	these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
UNK	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true . 
UNK	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
UNK	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
UNK	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
UNK	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
UNK	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
UNK	feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
UNK	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
UNK	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
UNK	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
UNK	a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
UNK	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
UNK	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
UNK	meet the razor eaters : five motivated , pissed-off young men who've launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on home video . 
UNK	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
UNK	significant for the chilling moments when the children echo the very sentiments that continue to fuel the middle east conflict . 
UNK	not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
UNK	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
UNK	the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
UNK	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
UNK	academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 
UNK	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
UNK	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
UNK	many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit . 
UNK	when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
UNK	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
UNK	a new york city oil company troubleshooter is brought to a remote b . c . 
UNK	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
UNK	the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 
UNK	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
UNK	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
UNK	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
UNK	the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together . 
UNK	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 
UNK	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
UNK	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
UNK	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
UNK	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
UNK	also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 
UNK	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
UNK	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
UNK	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
UNK	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
UNK	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
UNK	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
UNK	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
UNK	the story begins in the demilitarised zone between north and south korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence . 
UNK	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
UNK	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
UNK	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
UNK	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
UNK	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
UNK	in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
UNK	if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
UNK	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
UNK	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
UNK	the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
UNK	instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 
UNK	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
UNK	it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
UNK	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 
UNK	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
UNK	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
UNK	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
UNK	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
UNK	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
UNK	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
UNK	five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 
UNK	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
UNK	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
UNK	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
UNK	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
UNK	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
UNK	daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 
UNK	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
UNK	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
UNK	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
UNK	culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
UNK	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 
UNK	with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 
UNK	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 
UNK	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
UNK	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
UNK	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
UNK	finally , the purity of arvasu and nittilai's love brings salvation to the land . 
UNK	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
UNK	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
UNK	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
UNK	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
UNK	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
UNK	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
UNK	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
UNK	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch . 
UNK	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
UNK	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
UNK	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
UNK	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
UNK	for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
UNK	together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
UNK	billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
UNK	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
UNK	detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
UNK	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
UNK	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
UNK	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
UNK	in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
UNK	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
UNK	rachel soon finds herself involved with the playground and on the killers hitlist . 
UNK	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
UNK	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
UNK	but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 
UNK	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
UNK	you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
UNK	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
UNK	she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 
UNK	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
UNK	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
UNK	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
UNK	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
UNK	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
UNK	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
UNK	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 
UNK	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
UNK	the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 
UNK	aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked er nurse treating frankie's fractures . 
UNK	the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
UNK	will taco chick and salsa girl assist superfag in defeating this evil menace ? 
UNK	having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 
UNK	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
UNK	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
UNK	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
UNK	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
UNK	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
UNK	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
UNK	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 
UNK	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
UNK	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
UNK	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
UNK	as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 
UNK	after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 
UNK	it's very thoughtful and it's the kind of movie you have to discuss afterwards . 
UNK	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
UNK	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
UNK	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women . 
UNK	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
UNK	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
UNK	even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
UNK	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
UNK	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
UNK	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
UNK	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
UNK	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
UNK	they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 
UNK	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
UNK	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
UNK	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
UNK	nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 
UNK	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
UNK	da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
UNK	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
UNK	reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 
UNK	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
UNK	as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
UNK	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
UNK	a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
UNK	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
UNK	they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another . 
UNK	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
UNK	meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 
UNK	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
UNK	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
UNK	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
UNK	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
UNK	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
UNK	but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . . 
UNK	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
UNK	in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
UNK	context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 
UNK	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
UNK	the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
UNK	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
UNK	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
UNK	girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
UNK	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
UNK	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
UNK	[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
UNK	a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
UNK	while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 
UNK	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
UNK	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
UNK	windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
UNK	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
UNK	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
UNK	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
UNK	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
UNK	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
UNK	'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
UNK	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
UNK	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
UNK	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
UNK	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
UNK	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
UNK	fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
UNK	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
UNK	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
UNK	this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
UNK	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
UNK	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
UNK	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
UNK	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
UNK	faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 
UNK	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
UNK	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
UNK	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
UNK	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
UNK	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
UNK	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
UNK	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
UNK	during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning for the perfect moment to make his kill , he becomes infatuated with her beauty and pure innocence . 
UNK	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
UNK	this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 
UNK	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
UNK	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 
UNK	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
UNK	it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
UNK	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
UNK	once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father . 
UNK	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
UNK	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
UNK	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
UNK	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
UNK	they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
UNK	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
UNK	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
UNK	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
UNK	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 
UNK	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
UNK	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
UNK	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
UNK	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
UNK	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
UNK	jose is a street performer having an extended dry spell with women . 
UNK	while soderbergh succeeds in recapturing the themes and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also brings with them a cold , emotionless sheen , a detached air that defeats his efforts to truly engage us . 
UNK	you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
UNK	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
UNK	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
UNK	she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
UNK	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
UNK	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
UNK	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
UNK	daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
UNK	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
UNK	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
UNK	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
UNK	stands paralyzed , and she is only saved by the intervention of the experienced climber , lasse . 
UNK	the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
UNK	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
UNK	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
UNK	back home , he encounters a place which no longer exists . 
UNK	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
UNK	she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
UNK	peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 
UNK	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
UNK	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
UNK	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
UNK	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
UNK	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
UNK	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
UNK	meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
UNK	meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 
UNK	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
UNK	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
UNK	in return for a small plot of land , george agrees to search for princess lunna . 
UNK	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
UNK	henry romero discovers , samantha already knows ( firsthand ) of the evils young men do . 
UNK	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
UNK	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
UNK	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
UNK	an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 
UNK	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
UNK	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
UNK	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
UNK	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
UNK	the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in fresno , as manuel tries to retain his championship title . 
UNK	a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
UNK	tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
UNK	mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
UNK	together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 
UNK	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
UNK	for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison . 
UNK	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
UNK	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
UNK	winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
UNK	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
UNK	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
UNK	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
UNK	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
UNK	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
UNK	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
UNK	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
UNK	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
UNK	shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 
UNK	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
UNK	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
UNK	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
UNK	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
UNK	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
UNK	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
UNK	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
UNK	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
UNK	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
UNK	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
UNK	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
UNK	'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
UNK	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
UNK	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
UNK	where as many films of this nature linger on the hard , the ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses on the thinking , the love , and even the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
UNK	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
UNK	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
UNK	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
UNK	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
UNK	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
UNK	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
UNK	shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
UNK	in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) . 
UNK	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
UNK	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
UNK	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
UNK	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
UNK	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
UNK	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
UNK	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
UNK	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
UNK	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
UNK	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
UNK	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
UNK	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
UNK	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
UNK	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
UNK	in the hilarious comedy daddy day care , two fathers ( eddie murphy , jeff garlin ) lose their jobs in product development at a large food company and are forced to take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy and become stay-at-home fathers . 
UNK	a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 
UNK	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
UNK	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
UNK	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
UNK	how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 
UNK	dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder . 
UNK	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
UNK	throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
UNK	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
UNK	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
UNK	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
UNK	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
UNK	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
UNK	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
UNK	television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
UNK	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
UNK	a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 
UNK	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
UNK	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
UNK	a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 
UNK	they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 
UNK	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
UNK	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
UNK	now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 
UNK	ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
UNK	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
UNK	this was also a time , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when a man tried to cope with the loss of his former lover . 
UNK	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
UNK	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
UNK	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
UNK	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
UNK	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
UNK	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
UNK	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
UNK	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
UNK	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
UNK	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
UNK	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
UNK	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
UNK	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
UNK	when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
UNK	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
UNK	in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
UNK	adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 
UNK	long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
UNK	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
UNK	they embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 
UNK	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
UNK	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
UNK	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
UNK	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
UNK	being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
UNK	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
UNK	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
UNK	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
UNK	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
UNK	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
UNK	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
UNK	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
UNK	in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 
UNK	having sought and found refuge within this ancient religious society , sheldon finds himself captivated by this unusual and powerful world and the three old men who run it . 
UNK	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 
UNK	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
UNK	he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 
UNK	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
UNK	the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 
UNK	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
UNK	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
UNK	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
UNK	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
UNK	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
UNK	like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
UNK	3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
UNK	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 
UNK	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
UNK	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
UNK	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
UNK	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
UNK	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
UNK	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
UNK	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
UNK	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
UNK	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
UNK	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
UNK	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
UNK	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
UNK	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
UNK	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
UNK	angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 
UNK	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
UNK	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
UNK	the careful compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us plenty of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
UNK	it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 
UNK	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
UNK	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
UNK	four friends - one summer - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 
UNK	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
UNK	suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 
UNK	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
UNK	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
UNK	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
UNK	not to worry , his two friends tim ( lord jamar ) and sean ( ivan martin ) are self proclaimed singles experts who are willing to help their buddy . 
UNK	with a court martial to keep visser and the germans distracted , mcnamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant , enlisting the unwitting help of young lt . tommy hart . 
UNK	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
UNK	he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 
UNK	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
UNK	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
UNK	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
UNK	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
UNK	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
UNK	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
UNK	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
UNK	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
UNK	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
UNK	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
UNK	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
UNK	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 
UNK	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
UNK	viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
UNK	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
UNK	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
UNK	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
UNK	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 
UNK	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
UNK	josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
UNK	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
UNK	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
UNK	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie . 
UNK	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
UNK	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
UNK	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
UNK	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
UNK	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
UNK	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight scene so far this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at the brutal way 'enough' ended . 
UNK	vijay singh rajput ( amitabh bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank . 
UNK	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
UNK	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
UNK	she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the fate of a loved one , her son , who will never return . 
UNK	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
UNK	straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
UNK	the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 
UNK	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 
UNK	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
UNK	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
UNK	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 
UNK	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
UNK	unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
UNK	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
UNK	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
UNK	a major achievement and something to get excited about . 
UNK	after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 
UNK	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
UNK	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
UNK	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
UNK	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
UNK	returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
UNK	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
UNK	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
UNK	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
UNK	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
UNK	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
UNK	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
UNK	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
UNK	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
UNK	with edgaar's faithful servant , elmendorf , george sets out . 
UNK	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
UNK	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
UNK	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
UNK	shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing . 
UNK	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
UNK	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
UNK	set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
UNK	in the early years , mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her . 
UNK	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
UNK	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
UNK	as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
UNK	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
UNK	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
UNK	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
UNK	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
UNK	fred , daphne , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other . 
UNK	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
UNK	in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 
UNK	while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 
UNK	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
UNK	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
UNK	along the way , their political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city board of education for domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 
UNK	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
UNK	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
UNK	an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
UNK	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
UNK	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
UNK	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
UNK	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
UNK	and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 
UNK	life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
UNK	it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 
UNK	 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
UNK	most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
UNK	but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 
UNK	they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 
UNK	the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
UNK	the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
UNK	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
UNK	eddie is investigated and forced to exile himself from his family until the matter is dealt with . 
UNK	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
UNK	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
UNK	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
UNK	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
UNK	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
UNK	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
UNK	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
UNK	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
UNK	if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 
UNK	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
UNK	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
UNK	his loyal assistant is killed and he is framed with the evidence at the chinese border by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement agency . 
UNK	after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 
UNK	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
UNK	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
UNK	…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
UNK	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
UNK	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
UNK	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
UNK	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
UNK	personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together . 
UNK	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
UNK	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
UNK	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
UNK	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
UNK	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
UNK	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
UNK	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
UNK	weiss and speck capture the rich , turbulent tapestry of the manns' lives . 
UNK	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
UNK	whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 
UNK	stan lee discusses the origins of the industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics and comics ; peter david tells the story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a fan ; and much more . 
UNK	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
UNK	but his yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 
UNK	but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 
UNK	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
UNK	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
UNK	the bay of love and sorrows is a haunting modern tragedy set on the rural shores of new brunswick's bay of miramichi . 
UNK	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
UNK	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
UNK	mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
UNK	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
UNK	just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
UNK	with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 
UNK	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
UNK	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
UNK	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
UNK	police and investigators believed the murders were in retaliation for a robbery days prior to the murders . 
UNK	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
UNK	the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
UNK	ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 
UNK	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
UNK	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
UNK	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
UNK	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
UNK	anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
UNK	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
UNK	still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 
UNK	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
UNK	he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull producer in one jakarta's leading tv station . 
UNK	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
UNK	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
UNK	the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
UNK	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
UNK	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
UNK	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
UNK	showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
UNK	fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary . 
UNK	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
UNK	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
UNK	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
UNK	as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
UNK	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
UNK	proof that a newcomer indie filmmaker can infuse some new life into the downtrodden loser character study . 
UNK	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
UNK	is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
UNK	hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 
UNK	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
UNK	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
UNK	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
UNK	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
UNK	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
UNK	a mysterious video tape is killing off anyone who watches it . 
UNK	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
UNK	think 'glengarry glen ross' without the mamet dialogue , and that's kinda what you'll get here . 
UNK	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
UNK	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
UNK	an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
UNK	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
UNK	scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
UNK	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
UNK	when a ship sinks off the coast of argentina , ellen brachman , a clever and ambitious claims assessor for the rotterdam marine-insurance company european hayward , suspects a 'sinker' . 
UNK	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
UNK	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
UNK	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
UNK	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
UNK	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
UNK	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
UNK	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . 
UNK	the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 
UNK	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
UNK	a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
UNK	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
UNK	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
UNK	meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 
UNK	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
UNK	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
UNK	it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
UNK	you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
UNK	her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out . 
UNK	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
UNK	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
UNK	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
UNK	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
UNK	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
UNK	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
UNK	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
UNK	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
UNK	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
UNK	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
UNK	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
UNK	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
UNK	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
UNK	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
UNK	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
UNK	however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 
UNK	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
UNK	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
UNK	spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 
UNK	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
UNK	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
UNK	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
UNK	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
UNK	 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
UNK	chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
UNK	a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
UNK	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
UNK	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
UNK	 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
UNK	if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
UNK	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
UNK	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
UNK	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
UNK	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
UNK	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
UNK	as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
UNK	his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
UNK	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
UNK	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
UNK	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
UNK	john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 
UNK	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
UNK	especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
UNK	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
UNK	but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 
UNK	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
UNK	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
UNK	marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has hamlet , and now tim allen has . . . santa claus . 
UNK	a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
UNK	highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
UNK	featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
UNK	the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
UNK	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
UNK	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
UNK	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
UNK	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
UNK	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
UNK	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
UNK	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
UNK	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
UNK	johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
UNK	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
UNK	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
UNK	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
UNK	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
UNK	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
UNK	his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 
UNK	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
UNK	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
UNK	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
UNK	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
UNK	still , it might come true , if she would handle her life more genuinely . 
UNK	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 
UNK	a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
UNK	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
UNK	journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
UNK	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
UNK	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
UNK	how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
UNK	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
UNK	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
UNK	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
UNK	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
UNK	little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 
UNK	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
UNK	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 
UNK	but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 
UNK	playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
UNK	an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
UNK	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
UNK	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
UNK	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
UNK	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
UNK	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
UNK	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 
UNK	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
UNK	having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
UNK	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
UNK	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
UNK	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
UNK	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
UNK	the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
UNK	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
UNK	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
UNK	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
UNK	the behind the scenes series is more interesting than the resulting movie , but it's still worth taking a look . 
UNK	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
UNK	when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four " pork chops " ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . 
UNK	nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
UNK	judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
UNK	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
UNK	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
UNK	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
UNK	the film narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images to seduce . 
UNK	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
UNK	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
UNK	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
UNK	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
UNK	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
UNK	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems . 
UNK	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
UNK	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
UNK	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
UNK	landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 
UNK	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
UNK	the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
UNK	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
UNK	but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 
UNK	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
UNK	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
UNK	certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
UNK	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
UNK	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
UNK	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
UNK	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 
UNK	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
UNK	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
UNK	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
UNK	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
UNK	the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
UNK	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
UNK	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
UNK	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
UNK	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
UNK	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
UNK	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
UNK	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
UNK	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
UNK	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
UNK	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
UNK	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
UNK	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
UNK	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
UNK	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
UNK	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
UNK	some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
UNK	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
UNK	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
UNK	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
UNK	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
UNK	trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
UNK	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
UNK	a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 
UNK	this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
UNK	pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
UNK	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
UNK	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
UNK	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
UNK	he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
UNK	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
UNK	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
UNK	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
UNK	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
UNK	a satisfying charmer that tells a compelling story , and then tops that by offering up a saucy sextet of britain's best veteran actors . 
UNK	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
UNK	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
UNK	in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 
UNK	it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
UNK	a plan to start a parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs . 
UNK	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
UNK	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
UNK	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
UNK	the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing . 
UNK	how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
UNK	increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 
UNK	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 
UNK	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
UNK	' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
UNK	beautifully acted , smart and funny . it steers clear of being a maudlin soap opera normally found on lifetime . 
UNK	he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
UNK	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
UNK	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 
UNK	if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
UNK	the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . 
UNK	 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
UNK	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
UNK	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 
UNK	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
UNK	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
UNK	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
UNK	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
UNK	in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 
UNK	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
UNK	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
UNK	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
UNK	but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
UNK	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
UNK	hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
UNK	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
UNK	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
UNK	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
UNK	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
UNK	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
UNK	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
UNK	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
UNK	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
UNK	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
UNK	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
UNK	terri ( eve ) is a hard-edged woman who can't seem to leave her two-timing boyfriend . 
UNK	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
UNK	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
UNK	with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 
UNK	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
UNK	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
UNK	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
UNK	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
UNK	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
UNK	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
UNK	during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
UNK	the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
UNK	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
UNK	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 
UNK	while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go . 
UNK	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
UNK	at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
UNK	caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
UNK	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
UNK	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
UNK	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
UNK	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
UNK	at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
UNK	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
UNK	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 
UNK	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
UNK	dance teacher ramu leaves india to go to america and join his cousin who is rich and successful . 
UNK	craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well . 
UNK	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
UNK	a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
UNK	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
UNK	when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 
UNK	a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
UNK	a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 
UNK	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
UNK	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
UNK	edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
UNK	believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 
UNK	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
UNK	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
UNK	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
UNK	his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
UNK	to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
UNK	they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 
UNK	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
UNK	anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
UNK	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
UNK	nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death . 
UNK	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
UNK	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
UNK	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
UNK	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
UNK	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
UNK	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
UNK	it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
UNK	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
UNK	even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
UNK	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
UNK	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
UNK	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
UNK	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
UNK	armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller . 
UNK	sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
UNK	directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
UNK	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
UNK	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
UNK	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
UNK	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
UNK	rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 
UNK	it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
UNK	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
UNK	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
UNK	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
UNK	here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
UNK	while staking out his next assignment--the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss--contract killer malik reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape . 
UNK	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
UNK	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
UNK	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
UNK	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
UNK	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
UNK	this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic . 
UNK	while " real women have curves " suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay , it's a bright looking , well-acted charmer . 
UNK	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
UNK	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
UNK	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
UNK	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
UNK	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
UNK	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
UNK	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
UNK	 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
UNK	on their way back , they drive through death valley . 
UNK	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
UNK	suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
UNK	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
UNK	however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
UNK	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
UNK	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
UNK	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
UNK	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
UNK	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
UNK	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
UNK	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
UNK	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
UNK	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
UNK	an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 
UNK	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
UNK	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
UNK	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
UNK	the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
UNK	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
UNK	the hunky pizza guy , the mad scotsman and a parade of firemen all become invited guests - men almost out numbering the women . 
UNK	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
UNK	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
UNK	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
UNK	in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
UNK	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
UNK	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
UNK	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
UNK	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
UNK	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
UNK	while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
UNK	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
UNK	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the way he imagines his worlds . 
UNK	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
UNK	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 
UNK	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
UNK	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
UNK	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
UNK	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
UNK	 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
UNK	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 
UNK	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
UNK	partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
UNK	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
UNK	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
UNK	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
UNK	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
UNK	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
UNK	it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
UNK	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
UNK	the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 
UNK	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
UNK	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
UNK	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
UNK	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
UNK	like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
UNK	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
UNK	what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
UNK	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
UNK	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
UNK	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
UNK	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
UNK	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
UNK	a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
UNK	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
UNK	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
UNK	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
UNK	in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
UNK	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
UNK	he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
UNK	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
UNK	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
UNK	unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 
UNK	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
UNK	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
UNK	hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno . 
UNK	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
UNK	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
UNK	without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
UNK	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
UNK	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
UNK	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
UNK	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
UNK	yeh kaisi mohabbat ( ykm ) is a romantic thriller . 
UNK	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
UNK	it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
UNK	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 
UNK	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
UNK	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
UNK	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
UNK	like lisa gossels' children of chabannes ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story about french villagers who saved 400 jewish children , shanghai ghetto is a celebration of humanity . 
UNK	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
UNK	john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for . 
UNK	he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida . 
UNK	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
UNK	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
UNK	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
UNK	when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds . 
UNK	in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
UNK	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
UNK	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
UNK	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
UNK	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
UNK	a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful . 
UNK	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
UNK	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
UNK	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
UNK	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
UNK	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
UNK	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
UNK	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
UNK	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
UNK	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
UNK	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
UNK	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
UNK	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
UNK	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
UNK	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
UNK	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
UNK	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
UNK	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
UNK	in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
UNK	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
UNK	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 
UNK	when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to find her tries to use the spring for his personal gain . 
UNK	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
UNK	the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
UNK	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
UNK	this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
UNK	could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
UNK	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
UNK	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
UNK	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
UNK	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
UNK	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
UNK	m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis . 
UNK	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
UNK	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
UNK	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
UNK	now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
UNK	if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
UNK	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
UNK	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
UNK	ricky is an ex-con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . 
UNK	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
UNK	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
UNK	a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
UNK	that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
UNK	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
UNK	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
UNK	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
UNK	as he navigates this decadent new world , he meets a host of characters , including david , an older gay man who desires him , and benjamin , a young hustler from texas who has also managed to find a place among the aristocracy . 
UNK	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
UNK	let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
UNK	the rookie feels like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of stately , yet possessed of an ineffable poetry that speaks to the young heart of old men and their sons . 
UNK	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
UNK	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
UNK	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety . 
UNK	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
UNK	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
UNK	ruthie &#38 ; connie demonstrates the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully funny and deeply complex women who live their private lives in public and with passion . 
UNK	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
UNK	the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance . 
UNK	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
UNK	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
UNK	leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 
UNK	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
UNK	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
UNK	aka is the story of a disaffected youth's search for love , status , and identity in late 1970s britain . 
UNK	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
UNK	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
UNK	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
UNK	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
UNK	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
UNK	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 
UNK	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
UNK	this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 . 
UNK	with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
UNK	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
UNK	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
UNK	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
UNK	the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
UNK	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
UNK	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
UNK	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
UNK	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
UNK	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
UNK	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
UNK	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
UNK	if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
UNK	a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
UNK	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
UNK	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
UNK	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
UNK	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
UNK	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
UNK	evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect . 
UNK	on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 
UNK	this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
UNK	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
UNK	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
UNK	based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 
UNK	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
UNK	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
UNK	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
UNK	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
UNK	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
UNK	the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
UNK	he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch of his sexy boss sabine , who uses him to his libido's advantage . 
UNK	the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
UNK	they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions . 
UNK	by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
UNK	he discovers that his friend has gone into business , and is successfully breeding black chickens . 
UNK	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
UNK	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
UNK	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' . 
UNK	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his gut and been less indulgent of his brain . 
UNK	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
UNK	but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood . 
UNK	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
UNK	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
UNK	however when sex and greed rear-up between the good crims and the bad cops , the consequences are both bizarre and fatal . 
UNK	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
UNK	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
UNK	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
UNK	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
UNK	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
UNK	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
UNK	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
UNK	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
UNK	he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
UNK	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
UNK	immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 
UNK	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
UNK	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
UNK	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
UNK	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
UNK	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
UNK	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
UNK	when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
UNK	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying . 
UNK	it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here . 
UNK	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
UNK	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
UNK	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
UNK	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
UNK	aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
UNK	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
UNK	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
UNK	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
UNK	but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
UNK	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
UNK	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
UNK	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
UNK	when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 
UNK	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
UNK	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
UNK	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
UNK	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
UNK	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
UNK	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
UNK	she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
UNK	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
UNK	a car crash has cut short his promising baseball career , and with his dream of playing in the major leagues destroyed , sean turns to alcohol . 
UNK	the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change . 
UNK	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
UNK	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 
UNK	this isn't a good movie ; this isn't a bad movie . this is a movie that dispenses with the whole good/bad paradigm and exists on its own plane of reality . 
UNK	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
UNK	set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
UNK	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
UNK	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
UNK	along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 
UNK	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
UNK	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 
UNK	taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school . 
UNK	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
UNK	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
UNK	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
UNK	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
UNK	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
UNK	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
UNK	goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
UNK	the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
UNK	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
UNK	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
UNK	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
UNK	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
UNK	succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us gasp . 
UNK	tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 
UNK	not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
UNK	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
UNK	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
UNK	writer/director burr steers knows how to show irony , the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted . 
UNK	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
UNK	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
UNK	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
UNK	new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream . 
UNK	on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
UNK	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
UNK	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
UNK	despite cramming in numerous clichés , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
UNK	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
UNK	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
UNK	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
UNK	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
UNK	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
UNK	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
UNK	this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
UNK	this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 
UNK	a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 
UNK	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
UNK	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
UNK	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
UNK	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
UNK	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
UNK	when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
UNK	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
UNK	the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
UNK	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
UNK	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
UNK	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dénouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature . 
UNK	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
UNK	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
UNK	the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
UNK	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 
UNK	after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 
UNK	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
UNK	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
UNK	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
UNK	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
UNK	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
UNK	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
UNK	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
UNK	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
UNK	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
UNK	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
UNK	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
UNK	secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 
UNK	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
UNK	 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
UNK	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
UNK	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
UNK	as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them . 
UNK	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
UNK	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
UNK	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
UNK	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
UNK	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
UNK	a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars . 
UNK	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
UNK	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
UNK	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
UNK	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 
UNK	what resulted is a stirring and emotional reflection of that day and his experience . 
UNK	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
UNK	as anakin is left behind to protect padm&#233 ; , his feelings for her grow into something more than friendship . 
UNK	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
UNK	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
UNK	impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
UNK	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
UNK	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
UNK	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
UNK	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
UNK	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
UNK	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
UNK	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
UNK	the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
UNK	it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
UNK	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
UNK	the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are played by wendie malick and stephen root . 
UNK	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
UNK	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
UNK	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
UNK	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
UNK	this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
UNK	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
UNK	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
UNK	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
UNK	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
UNK	majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 
UNK	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
UNK	with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
UNK	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
UNK	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
UNK	an original little film about one young woman's education . 
UNK	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
UNK	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
UNK	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
UNK	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
UNK	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
UNK	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
UNK	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
UNK	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
UNK	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
UNK	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
UNK	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
UNK	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a flair . 
UNK	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
UNK	the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
UNK	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
UNK	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
UNK	watching possession is a movie experience not much deeper than you'd get on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so soft . 
UNK	sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written . 
UNK	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
UNK	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
UNK	apesar de não superar o original , o chamado é um suspense bem realizado que , à sua própria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar . 
UNK	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
UNK	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
UNK	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
UNK	a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 
UNK	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
UNK	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
UNK	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
UNK	he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha . 
UNK	an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
UNK	a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
UNK	the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
UNK	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
UNK	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
UNK	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
UNK	now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
UNK	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
UNK	a lyrical if sluggish excursion set in war-torn iranian kurdistan . 
UNK	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
UNK	a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
UNK	during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
UNK	jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
UNK	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
UNK	the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
UNK	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
UNK	reign of fire may well be the most grim dragon movie ever made -- and it's all the more effective for the filmmakers' decision to play it straight . 
UNK	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
UNK	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
UNK	giving birth to her first child should be a time of happiness for rachel ( emily woof ) , but the dream is shattered when she learns that her newborn baby has died during the night . 
UNK	how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 
UNK	definitely not the knee-slapper that i was told it would be , but enough hahas for me to grade as passable . 
UNK	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
UNK	buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
UNK	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
UNK	he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
UNK	their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 
UNK	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
UNK	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
UNK	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
UNK	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
UNK	alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
UNK	when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
UNK	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
UNK	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
UNK	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
UNK	skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
UNK	but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 
UNK	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
UNK	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
UNK	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
UNK	the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
UNK	when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
UNK	after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him . 
UNK	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
UNK	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 
UNK	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
UNK	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 
UNK	there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 
UNK	like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight . 
UNK	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
UNK	john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
UNK	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
UNK	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
UNK	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
UNK	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
UNK	however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 
UNK	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
UNK	then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u . s . city , and america is quick to blame the russians . 
UNK	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
UNK	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
UNK	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
UNK	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
UNK	there's plenty of footage here of some of the world's best djs at work , and it's impressive , even for someone uninterested in the genre . 
UNK	does the new all-girl group desert have anything to do with it ? 
UNK	while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
UNK	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
UNK	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
UNK	such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough . 
UNK	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values . 
UNK	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
UNK	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
UNK	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
UNK	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
UNK	a gripping little b-movie of more mood than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its modest promises . 
UNK	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 
UNK	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
UNK	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
UNK	it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
UNK	but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
UNK	his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
UNK	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
UNK	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
UNK	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
UNK	former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy . 
UNK	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
UNK	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
UNK	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
UNK	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
UNK	the super 16mm black and white film was shot in a remote farm in argentina . 
UNK	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
UNK	thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
UNK	the phantom , feeling betrayed , kidnaps christine and brings her to his lair where he plans to make her his eternal bride . 
UNK	a haunted , bountiful film that demands patience -- and rewards it . 
UNK	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
UNK	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
UNK	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
UNK	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
UNK	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
UNK	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
UNK	she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
UNK	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
UNK	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
UNK	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
UNK	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
UNK	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
UNK	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
UNK	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
UNK	in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 
UNK	you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
UNK	451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
UNK	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
UNK	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
UNK	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
UNK	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
UNK	an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
UNK	a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
UNK	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
UNK	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
UNK	but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself . 
UNK	it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
UNK	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
UNK	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
UNK	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
UNK	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
UNK	now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 
UNK	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
UNK	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
UNK	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
UNK	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
UNK	 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
UNK	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
UNK	 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
UNK	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
UNK	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
UNK	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
UNK	as things become increasingly more complicated in the small community , the walls around father amaro begin to crumble . 
UNK	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
UNK	arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
UNK	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
UNK	iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy . 
UNK	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
UNK	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
UNK	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
UNK	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 
UNK	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
UNK	williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
UNK	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
UNK	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
UNK	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
UNK	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
UNK	caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together . 
UNK	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
UNK	neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
UNK	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
UNK	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
UNK	once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 
UNK	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
UNK	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 
UNK	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
UNK	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
UNK	they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 
UNK	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
UNK	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
UNK	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
UNK	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
UNK	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
UNK	harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and perhaps even deaths . 
UNK	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
UNK	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
UNK	at the end of the worst day of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . 
UNK	now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
UNK	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
UNK	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
UNK	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
UNK	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
UNK	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
UNK	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
UNK	nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
UNK	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
UNK	the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse . 
UNK	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
UNK	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
UNK	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
UNK	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
UNK	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
UNK	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
UNK	bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 
UNK	for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 
UNK	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
UNK	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
UNK	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
UNK	he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 
UNK	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
UNK	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
UNK	 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
UNK	although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds . 
UNK	ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
UNK	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
UNK	tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
UNK	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
UNK	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
UNK	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
UNK	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
UNK	who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
UNK	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
UNK	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
UNK	as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to " the shu " where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . 
UNK	she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 
UNK	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
UNK	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
UNK	he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 
UNK	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
UNK	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
UNK	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
UNK	a spirit is haunting sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from life to death . 
UNK	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
UNK	with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 
UNK	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
UNK	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
UNK	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
UNK	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
UNK	as they try to keep one step ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , someone who is watching them all . 
UNK	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
UNK	but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 
UNK	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
UNK	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
UNK	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
UNK	this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 
UNK	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
UNK	the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 
UNK	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
UNK	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
UNK	one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
UNK	ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 
UNK	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
UNK	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
UNK	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
UNK	set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
UNK	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
UNK	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
UNK	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
UNK	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
UNK	ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 
UNK	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
UNK	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
UNK	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
UNK	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
UNK	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
UNK	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
UNK	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
UNK	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
UNK	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
UNK	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
UNK	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
UNK	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
UNK	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
UNK	nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
UNK	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
UNK	it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 
UNK	in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
UNK	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
UNK	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
UNK	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
UNK	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
UNK	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
UNK	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
UNK	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
UNK	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
UNK	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
UNK	novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
UNK	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
UNK	a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
UNK	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
UNK	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
UNK	also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
UNK	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
UNK	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
UNK	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
UNK	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
UNK	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
UNK	but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 
UNK	tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths . 
UNK	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
UNK	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
UNK	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
UNK	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 
UNK	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
UNK	the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years . 
UNK	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
UNK	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
UNK	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
UNK	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
UNK	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
UNK	it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
UNK	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
UNK	[o]ften a capable documentary on an interesting subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
UNK	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
UNK	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
UNK	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
UNK	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
UNK	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
UNK	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
UNK	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
UNK	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
UNK	the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 
UNK	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
UNK	they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
UNK	down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . 
UNK	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with sacred cows of family values . 
UNK	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
UNK	an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
UNK	sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
UNK	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
UNK	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
UNK	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
UNK	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
UNK	an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
UNK	the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
UNK	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
UNK	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
UNK	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
UNK	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
UNK	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
UNK	andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life . 
UNK	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
UNK	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
UNK	in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
UNK	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
UNK	isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
UNK	joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
UNK	spanning 18 years in an iranian women's prison , this follows two women : the new prison warden , a tough as nails devout muslim who has served in the army on the iraqi front , and a young midwife , mitra , who is serving her sentence for killing her mother's abusive husband . 
UNK	and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
UNK	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
UNK	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
UNK	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 
UNK	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
UNK	the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
UNK	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
UNK	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
UNK	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
UNK	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
UNK	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
UNK	meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
UNK	who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? " 
UNK	johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 
UNK	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
UNK	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
UNK	what is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already made , and thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
UNK	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
UNK	forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation . 
UNK	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
UNK	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
UNK	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
UNK	fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . 
UNK	…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
UNK	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
UNK	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
UNK	the film is probably worth seeing for the sheer spectacle of it all , for the sake of obtaining valuable information , and for finding more closure on a story that has always been missing several pieces . 
UNK	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
UNK	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
UNK	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
UNK	his only-way-out is to create for himself a new identity franklin mann one without the doubt , pain or guilt . 
UNK	jason must get back , therefore he gets a new and unique mask , and goes after the kids of elm street . 
UNK	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
UNK	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
UNK	 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
UNK	he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 
UNK	chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " . 
UNK	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
UNK	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
UNK	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
UNK	documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 
UNK	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
UNK	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
UNK	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
UNK	but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 
UNK	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
UNK	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
UNK	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
UNK	the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved . 
UNK	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
UNK	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
UNK	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
UNK	amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
UNK	based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
UNK	a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
UNK	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
UNK	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
UNK	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
UNK	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
UNK	one night , tobias knifes his father in the back , and escape to switzerland . 
UNK	the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 
UNK	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
UNK	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
UNK	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
UNK	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
UNK	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
UNK	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 
UNK	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them . 
UNK	his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 
UNK	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
UNK	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
UNK	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
UNK	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
UNK	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
UNK	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
UNK	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
UNK	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
UNK	in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
UNK	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
UNK	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
UNK	moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
UNK	after spending the night in the wilderness , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in full combat gear , who promises to lead her out of the woods . 
UNK	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
UNK	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
UNK	serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation . 
UNK	so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
UNK	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
UNK	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
UNK	now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . " 
UNK	a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and cultural forces one moment , and in the next patiently observing the way a bowl of medicinal tea , seen turning in a microwave carousel , begins to describe its own slow epicycles . 
UNK	un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
UNK	he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 
UNK	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
UNK	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
UNK	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
UNK	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
UNK	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
UNK	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
UNK	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
UNK	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
UNK	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
UNK	when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans . 
UNK	relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular . 
UNK	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 
UNK	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
UNK	for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
UNK	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
UNK	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
UNK	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 
UNK	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
UNK	 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 
UNK	her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
UNK	now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 
UNK	she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
UNK	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
UNK	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
UNK	three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
UNK	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 
UNK	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
UNK	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
UNK	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
UNK	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
UNK	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
UNK	williams hasn't been this creepy since his starring role in popeye . 
UNK	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
UNK	like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
UNK	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
UNK	between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 
UNK	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
UNK	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
UNK	discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere . 
UNK	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
UNK	imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 
UNK	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 
UNK	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
UNK	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
UNK	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 
UNK	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 
UNK	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
UNK	looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
UNK	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
UNK	completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
UNK	just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door . 
UNK	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
UNK	now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 
UNK	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
UNK	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
UNK	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
UNK	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
UNK	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
UNK	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
UNK	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
UNK	over the next few days , united by nothing more than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm them . 
UNK	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
UNK	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
UNK	using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 
UNK	but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
UNK	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
UNK	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
UNK	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
UNK	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
UNK	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century . 
UNK	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
UNK	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
UNK	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
UNK	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
UNK	it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 
UNK	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
UNK	…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
UNK	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
UNK	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 
UNK	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
UNK	some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 
UNK	daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman . 
UNK	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
UNK	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
UNK	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
UNK	a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 
UNK	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
UNK	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
UNK	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
UNK	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
UNK	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
UNK	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
UNK	the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
UNK	let's face it , even vin's fake tats have more charisma than pierce brosnan . 
UNK	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
UNK	a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
UNK	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
UNK	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
UNK	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
UNK	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
UNK	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
UNK	a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 
UNK	with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 
UNK	jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 
UNK	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
UNK	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
UNK	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
UNK	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit . 
UNK	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
UNK	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
UNK	after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
UNK	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
UNK	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
UNK	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
UNK	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
UNK	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
UNK	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
UNK	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
UNK	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
UNK	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
UNK	one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 
UNK	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
UNK	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
UNK	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
UNK	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 
UNK	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
UNK	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
UNK	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 
UNK	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
UNK	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
UNK	young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
UNK	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
UNK	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
UNK	emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 
UNK	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
UNK	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
UNK	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
UNK	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
UNK	in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
UNK	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
UNK	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
UNK	jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god . 
UNK	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
UNK	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
UNK	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
UNK	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
UNK	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
UNK	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
UNK	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
UNK	 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
UNK	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
UNK	soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
UNK	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
UNK	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
UNK	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
UNK	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
UNK	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
UNK	nicholas , his sister and mother venture to london to seek help from their uncle ralph , but ralph's only intentions are to separate the family and exploit them . 
UNK	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
UNK	coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
UNK	upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 
UNK	though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
UNK	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
UNK	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
UNK	adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
UNK	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
UNK	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
UNK	watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
UNK	fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
UNK	arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
UNK	a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
UNK	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
UNK	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
UNK	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
UNK	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
UNK	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
UNK	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
UNK	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
UNK	the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
UNK	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
UNK	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
UNK	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
UNK	 " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 
UNK	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 
UNK	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
UNK	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 
UNK	a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
UNK	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
UNK	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
UNK	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
UNK	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
UNK	even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
UNK	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
UNK	 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
UNK	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
UNK	he enters an unknown world of rituals and cutural perceptions , and fixes everything in his own unique way . 
UNK	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
UNK	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
UNK	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
UNK	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
UNK	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
UNK	ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 
UNK	however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
UNK	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
UNK	at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 
UNK	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
UNK	halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 
UNK	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
UNK	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
UNK	one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
UNK	his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 
UNK	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
UNK	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
UNK	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
UNK	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
UNK	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away . 
UNK	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
UNK	this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
UNK	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
UNK	rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby . 
UNK	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
UNK	yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
UNK	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
UNK	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
UNK	jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
UNK	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 
UNK	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
UNK	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
UNK	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
UNK	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
UNK	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 
UNK	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
UNK	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
UNK	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
UNK	 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
UNK	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
UNK	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 
UNK	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
UNK	in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
UNK	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
UNK	the writer-director bestows honor -- generously , apolitically -- not only on the dead and still living american veterans who fought in ia drang , but also on their families , on their vietnamese adversaries , and on the families of their adversaries too . 
UNK	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
UNK	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
UNK	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
UNK	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
UNK	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
UNK	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
UNK	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
UNK	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
UNK	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
UNK	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
UNK	niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 
UNK	although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
UNK	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
UNK	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
UNK	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
UNK	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
UNK	ms . bennett is worth watching , and her story is weirdly detailed enough to prove once more that truth is too strange for good fiction . 
UNK	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
UNK	the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
UNK	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
UNK	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
UNK	adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job . 
UNK	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
UNK	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
UNK	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
UNK	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
UNK	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
UNK	a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they anticipate their time apart . 
UNK	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
UNK	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
UNK	as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
UNK	an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor . 
UNK	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
UNK	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
UNK	witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
UNK	he has the wrong blood type to be able to donate one of his kidneys , so he arranges a trade with a group of organ dealers : one of his kidneys , and 10 million won , in return for their finding a kidney for his sister . 
UNK	based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 
UNK	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
UNK	a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
UNK	evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
UNK	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
UNK	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
UNK	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
UNK	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
UNK	dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
UNK	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
UNK	and suddenly , she spots her beloved , wandering over sand dunes and brings the exhausted patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 
UNK	with its young cast and an appealing balance of uplifting attitude and irreverent humor , drumline has the potential to be a sleeper hit . 
UNK	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
UNK	contains the same kind of intelligent class observation that was featured in gosford park . 
UNK	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
UNK	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
UNK	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
UNK	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
UNK	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
UNK	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
UNK	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
UNK	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
UNK	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
UNK	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman . 
UNK	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
UNK	rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 
UNK	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
UNK	susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
UNK	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
UNK	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
UNK	utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
UNK	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
UNK	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
UNK	but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
UNK	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
UNK	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
UNK	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
UNK	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 
UNK	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
UNK	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
UNK	and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 
UNK	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich . 
UNK	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
UNK	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
UNK	i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
UNK	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
UNK	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
UNK	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
UNK	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
UNK	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
UNK	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
UNK	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
UNK	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future . 
UNK	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
UNK	ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 
UNK	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
UNK	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
UNK	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
UNK	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
UNK	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
UNK	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
UNK	along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
UNK	what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
UNK	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
UNK	in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
UNK	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
UNK	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
UNK	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
UNK	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
UNK	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
UNK	it is set in the fantasy world middle-earth , created by tolkien in 'the hobbit' , 'the lord of the rings' , and 'the silmarillion' . 
UNK	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
UNK	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
UNK	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
UNK	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
UNK	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
UNK	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
UNK	those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
UNK	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
UNK	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
UNK	a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
UNK	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
UNK	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
UNK	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
UNK	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
UNK	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
UNK	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
UNK	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
UNK	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
UNK	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
UNK	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 
UNK	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
UNK	they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed . 
UNK	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
UNK	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
UNK	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
UNK	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 
UNK	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
UNK	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
UNK	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
UNK	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
UNK	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
UNK	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
UNK	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
UNK	there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 
UNK	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
UNK	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
UNK	the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 
UNK	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
UNK	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 
UNK	just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
UNK	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
UNK	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
UNK	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
UNK	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
UNK	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
UNK	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
UNK	if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . . 
UNK	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
UNK	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
UNK	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
UNK	 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
UNK	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
UNK	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
UNK	nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father . 
UNK	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
UNK	it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
UNK	alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
UNK	immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 
UNK	immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men . 
UNK	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
UNK	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
UNK	with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 
UNK	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
UNK	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
UNK	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
UNK	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
UNK	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
UNK	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
UNK	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
UNK	the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 
UNK	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
UNK	looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 
UNK	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
UNK	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
UNK	but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco . 
UNK	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
UNK	i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
UNK	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
UNK	the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
UNK	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
UNK	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
UNK	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
UNK	dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . . 
UNK	discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 
UNK	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
UNK	for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
UNK	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
UNK	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
UNK	not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
UNK	among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
UNK	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
UNK	and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 
UNK	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
UNK	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
UNK	the film's saving grace is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
UNK	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
UNK	two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world . 
UNK	now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 
UNK	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
UNK	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
UNK	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
UNK	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
UNK	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
UNK	amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 
UNK	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
UNK	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 
UNK	but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
UNK	stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
UNK	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
UNK	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
UNK	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
UNK	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
UNK	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
UNK	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
UNK	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
UNK	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
UNK	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
UNK	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
UNK	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
UNK	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
UNK	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
UNK	a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
UNK	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
UNK	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
UNK	harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
UNK	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
UNK	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 
UNK	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
UNK	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 
UNK	the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
UNK	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
UNK	when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 
UNK	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
UNK	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
UNK	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
UNK	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
UNK	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
UNK	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
UNK	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género . 
UNK	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
UNK	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
UNK	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
UNK	i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
UNK	now , years later matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend dawn . 
UNK	during the course of a single day all three will be faced with the difficult choice of choosing which path they will go down in life . 
UNK	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
UNK	it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business . 
UNK	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
UNK	ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st . 
UNK	klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who runs the place , even resists to electricity and indoor plumbing . 
UNK	christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 
UNK	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
UNK	a magnificent throwback to an almost vanished era of epic filmmaking by great filmmakers in thrall to their own passions , rather than to the studio bookkeepers . 
UNK	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
UNK	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
UNK	unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
UNK	chasm is a black comedy , set in a time when trading body parts has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential rain overpower the land . 
UNK	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
UNK	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
UNK	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
UNK	given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
UNK	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
UNK	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
UNK	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
UNK	love , politics and intrigue intermingle in this taut retelling of graham greene's classic tale of a disillusioned british journalist , an idealistic young american and the beautiful vietnamese woman that comes between them in 1950s saigon . 
UNK	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
UNK	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
UNK	siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 
UNK	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
UNK	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
UNK	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
UNK	set from his college student years , to his first victims , his capture , escape from prison ( twice ) , his final killing spree to his trial , conviction and execution . 
UNK	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
UNK	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
UNK	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
UNK	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
UNK	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
UNK	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
UNK	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
UNK	he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
UNK	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
UNK	the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan . 
UNK	obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
UNK	 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
UNK	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
UNK	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
UNK	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
UNK	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
UNK	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
UNK	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
UNK	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
UNK	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
UNK	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
UNK	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
UNK	 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
UNK	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
UNK	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
UNK	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
UNK	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
UNK	maggie finds that life can take many unexpected turns as she discovers mateo has risked a dangerous trip at sea and he has made it to miami . 
UNK	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
UNK	we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
UNK	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
UNK	 " the institute " is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 
UNK	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
UNK	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
UNK	and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 
UNK	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience . 
UNK	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
UNK	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
UNK	torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 
UNK	seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 
UNK	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
UNK	brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 
UNK	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
UNK	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
UNK	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
UNK	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
UNK	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
UNK	it's the extra layer that makes this one , the movie's understanding of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually separate a young artist from his divine spark . 
UNK	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
UNK	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
UNK	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
UNK	merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
UNK	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
UNK	my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake . 
UNK	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
UNK	her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
UNK	trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
UNK	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
UNK	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
UNK	jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
UNK	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
UNK	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
UNK	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
UNK	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
UNK	one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory . 
UNK	he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 
UNK	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
UNK	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
UNK	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
UNK	mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
UNK	mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
UNK	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
UNK	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
UNK	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
UNK	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
UNK	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
UNK	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
UNK	enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 
UNK	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
UNK	the santa clause 2 " goes down as easy as an eggnog on christmas eve . 
UNK	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
UNK	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
UNK	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
UNK	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
UNK	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
UNK	she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
UNK	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
UNK	somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
UNK	familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
UNK	a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 
UNK	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
UNK	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
UNK	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
UNK	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
UNK	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
UNK	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
UNK	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
UNK	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
UNK	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
UNK	a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
UNK	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
UNK	a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
UNK	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
UNK	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
UNK	 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
UNK	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
UNK	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
UNK	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
UNK	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
UNK	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
UNK	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
UNK	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
UNK	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
UNK	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
UNK	penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
UNK	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
UNK	the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school . 
UNK	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
UNK	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
UNK	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
UNK	its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
UNK	watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
UNK	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
UNK	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
UNK	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
UNK	dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . 
UNK	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
UNK	he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad . 
UNK	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
UNK	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
UNK	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
UNK	after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
UNK	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
UNK	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
UNK	ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
UNK	before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
UNK	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
UNK	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
UNK	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
UNK	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
UNK	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
UNK	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
UNK	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
UNK	the girl's lover thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for her . 
UNK	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
UNK	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
UNK	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
UNK	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
UNK	a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
UNK	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
UNK	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
UNK	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
UNK	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
UNK	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
UNK	 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 
UNK	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
UNK	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
UNK	by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 
UNK	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
UNK	 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
UNK	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
UNK	a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
UNK	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 
UNK	in the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood , herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife , eleanor , and the daily grind of work on the chain . 
UNK	a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
UNK	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
UNK	once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave . 
UNK	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
UNK	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
UNK	oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
UNK	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
UNK	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
UNK	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
UNK	several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
UNK	a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
UNK	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
UNK	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
UNK	diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
UNK	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
UNK	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
UNK	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
UNK	nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons . 
UNK	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
UNK	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
UNK	a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 
UNK	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
UNK	but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 
UNK	a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
UNK	with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
UNK	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
UNK	as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way . 
UNK	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
UNK	some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
UNK	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
UNK	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
UNK	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
UNK	[jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations . 
UNK	it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
UNK	to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 
UNK	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
UNK	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
UNK	one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
UNK	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
UNK	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
UNK	when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 
UNK	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
UNK	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
UNK	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
UNK	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
UNK	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
UNK	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
UNK	 " confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia assassin by night . 
UNK	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
UNK	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
UNK	he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world . 
UNK	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
UNK	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
UNK	to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
UNK	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
UNK	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
UNK	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
UNK	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
UNK	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
UNK	on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love . 
UNK	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
UNK	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
UNK	old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
UNK	his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
UNK	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
UNK	a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 
UNK	 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
UNK	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
UNK	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
UNK	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
UNK	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
UNK	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
UNK	she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance . 
UNK	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
UNK	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
UNK	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
UNK	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
UNK	everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 
UNK	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
UNK	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
UNK	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
UNK	the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
UNK	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
UNK	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
UNK	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
UNK	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
UNK	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
UNK	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
UNK	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
UNK	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
UNK	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
UNK	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
UNK	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
UNK	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
UNK	a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
UNK	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
UNK	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
UNK	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
UNK	the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
UNK	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
UNK	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
UNK	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
UNK	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 
UNK	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
UNK	soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 
UNK	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
UNK	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
UNK	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 
UNK	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
UNK	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
UNK	one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
UNK	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
UNK	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
UNK	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
UNK	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
UNK	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
UNK	after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
UNK	this is a very good film , and it heralds an emerging directorial talent . 
UNK	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
UNK	the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 
UNK	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
UNK	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
UNK	the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
UNK	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
UNK	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
UNK	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
UNK	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
UNK	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
UNK	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
UNK	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
UNK	it's halloween season , and while ghost ship can't hold a candle to the ring for true primal scares , it'll probably stay respectably afloat until at least most of the candy is gone . 
UNK	captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
UNK	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
UNK	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
UNK	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
UNK	joe , a rootless young drifter , finds work on a barge travelling between glasgow and edinburgh , owned by les and his wife ella . 
UNK	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
UNK	conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
UNK	he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
UNK	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
UNK	meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 
UNK	gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 
UNK	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
UNK	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
UNK	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
UNK	after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 
UNK	the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
UNK	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
UNK	this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films . 
UNK	in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 
UNK	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
UNK	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
UNK	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
UNK	i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
UNK	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
UNK	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
UNK	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
UNK	a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
UNK	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
UNK	kids surely will like it . and for adults , it's perfectly watchable in a rugrats-y sort of way . 
UNK	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
UNK	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
UNK	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
UNK	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
UNK	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
UNK	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
UNK	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
UNK	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
UNK	john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe . 
UNK	how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
UNK	lukas and his friends live in a commune out in the woods . 
UNK	numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 
UNK	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
UNK	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
UNK	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
UNK	resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
UNK	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
UNK	hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
UNK	james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 
UNK	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
UNK	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
UNK	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
UNK	unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
UNK	and the moment they touch each other for a first time , the fortune-teller's prophesy comes true . 
UNK	some trouble of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the last day of world war 2 , one unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are determined to fly it . 
UNK	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
UNK	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
UNK	used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass and cary to have a comfortable and bountiful life until doqa gracia comes to bring them into her home . 
UNK	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
UNK	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 
UNK	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 
UNK	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
UNK	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
UNK	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
UNK	boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
UNK	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
UNK	this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 
UNK	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
UNK	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
UNK	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
UNK	the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
UNK	however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
UNK	the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
UNK	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
UNK	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
UNK	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
UNK	tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 
UNK	a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
UNK	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
UNK	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
UNK	fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money . 
UNK	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
UNK	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
UNK	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
UNK	to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma . 
UNK	after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 
UNK	when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
UNK	jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 
UNK	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
UNK	when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
UNK	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
UNK	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
UNK	while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend . 
UNK	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
UNK	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 
UNK	lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
UNK	the good-hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 
UNK	the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 
UNK	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
UNK	but still , the killings do not stop with his death . 
UNK	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
UNK	witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
UNK	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
UNK	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
UNK	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
UNK	the movie is engaging and well acted , though , and the pink panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission . 
UNK	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
UNK	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
UNK	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
UNK	it is late at night in a foreign land . 
UNK	as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
UNK	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
UNK	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
UNK	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 
UNK	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
UNK	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
UNK	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
UNK	once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
UNK	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
UNK	truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it . 
UNK	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
UNK	chomsky's voice may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , based on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in this chronicle comprised of interview footage , and various talks he's given . 
UNK	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
UNK	shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
UNK	it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x . 
UNK	the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away . 
UNK	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
UNK	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
UNK	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
UNK	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
UNK	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
UNK	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
UNK	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
UNK	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
UNK	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
UNK	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
UNK	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
UNK	just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 
UNK	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
UNK	the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
UNK	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
UNK	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
UNK	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
UNK	what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
UNK	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
UNK	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
UNK	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
UNK	becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
UNK	as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 
UNK	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
UNK	the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 
UNK	set against the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in their lives during this time of social injustice and world war . 
UNK	facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 
UNK	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
UNK	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
UNK	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
UNK	 " it's amazing how one small thing can set off such an interesting chain of events . " 
UNK	but god knows of this evil and sends a protector , an unlikely angel to watch over her . 
UNK	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
UNK	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
UNK	years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 
UNK	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
UNK	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
UNK	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
UNK	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
UNK	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
UNK	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
UNK	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
UNK	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
UNK	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
UNK	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
UNK	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
UNK	that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse . 
UNK	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
UNK	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
UNK	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
UNK	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
UNK	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
UNK	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
UNK	enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 
UNK	[reno] may have a few grating gaps in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story ended up on the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel as if it wasn't a complete waste of time to sit through . 
UNK	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
UNK	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
UNK	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
UNK	like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
UNK	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
UNK	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
UNK	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
UNK	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
UNK	the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
UNK	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
UNK	obviously a socialist commentary , poets is in turn informative , witty and thought-provoking . 
UNK	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
UNK	one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
UNK	however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 
UNK	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
UNK	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
UNK	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
UNK	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
UNK	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
UNK	seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right . 
UNK	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
UNK	at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
UNK	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
UNK	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
UNK	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
UNK	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
UNK	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
UNK	akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession . 
UNK	it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
UNK	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
UNK	as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 
UNK	rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
UNK	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
UNK	a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
UNK	august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
UNK	if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
UNK	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
UNK	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
UNK	juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
UNK	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
UNK	bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
UNK	he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 
UNK	mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
UNK	 . . . a vast adventure that bristles with romance , action and heroism . 
UNK	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
UNK	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 
UNK	bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
UNK	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
UNK	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
UNK	like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
UNK	a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
UNK	he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
UNK	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
UNK	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
UNK	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
UNK	to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 
UNK	a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
UNK	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
UNK	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper . 
UNK	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
UNK	when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 
UNK	will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ? 
UNK	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
UNK	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
UNK	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
UNK	two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 
UNK	now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 
UNK	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
UNK	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
UNK	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
UNK	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
UNK	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
UNK	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
UNK	kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
UNK	with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
UNK	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
UNK	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 
UNK	like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
UNK	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
UNK	he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
UNK	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
UNK	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
UNK	at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 
UNK	undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs . 
UNK	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
UNK	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
UNK	ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed . 
UNK	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
UNK	a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature . 
UNK	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
UNK	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
UNK	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
UNK	when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 
UNK	 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
UNK	set in a future britain , this black comedy revolves around one day in the life of a drug dealer . 
UNK	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 
UNK	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
UNK	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
UNK	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
UNK	life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 
UNK	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
UNK	based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 
UNK	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
UNK	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
UNK	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
UNK	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
UNK	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
UNK	gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive . 
UNK	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
UNK	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
UNK	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
UNK	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
UNK	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
UNK	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
UNK	the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 
UNK	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
UNK	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
UNK	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
UNK	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
UNK	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
UNK	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 
UNK	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
UNK	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
UNK	their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
UNK	even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters . 
UNK	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
UNK	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
UNK	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
UNK	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
UNK	in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
UNK	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
UNK	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
UNK	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
UNK	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
UNK	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
UNK	and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 
UNK	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
UNK	using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
UNK	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
UNK	this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 
UNK	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
UNK	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
UNK	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
UNK	mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
UNK	high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 
UNK	and a good portion of them were caught on film . 
UNK	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
UNK	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
UNK	after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
UNK	the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
UNK	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
UNK	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
UNK	veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
UNK	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
UNK	russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into the realm of greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level . 
UNK	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 
UNK	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
UNK	one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
UNK	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
UNK	on a trip through texas to mexico , a group of teens pick up the survivor of a massacre that took place the night before . 
UNK	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
UNK	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
UNK	occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style . 
UNK	all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
UNK	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
UNK	this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement . 
UNK	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
UNK	an engaging documentary about people who live in unusual homes . 
UNK	the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
UNK	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
UNK	when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
UNK	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
UNK	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
UNK	mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
UNK	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
UNK	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
UNK	heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
UNK	this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 
UNK	reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
UNK	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
UNK	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
UNK	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 
UNK	financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league . 
UNK	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
UNK	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
UNK	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
UNK	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
UNK	a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later . 
UNK	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 
UNK	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler . 
UNK	shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
UNK	beanie's a big believer in appreciating the art in your own neighborhood even if it isn't backed by a multimillion-dollar budget — and so am i . 
UNK	an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
UNK	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
UNK	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
UNK	nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life . 
UNK	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
UNK	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
UNK	is this challenge too much for even the amazing spider-man to handle ? 
UNK	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
UNK	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
UNK	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
UNK	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
UNK	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
UNK	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
UNK	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
UNK	the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
UNK	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
UNK	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
UNK	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
UNK	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
UNK	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
UNK	between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
UNK	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
UNK	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
UNK	 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 
UNK	five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
UNK	shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
UNK	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
UNK	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
UNK	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
UNK	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
UNK	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
UNK	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
UNK	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight . 
UNK	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
UNK	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
UNK	katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 
UNK	a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 
UNK	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
UNK	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
UNK	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
UNK	the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
UNK	while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 
UNK	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
UNK	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
UNK	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
UNK	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
UNK	with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character . 
UNK	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
UNK	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
UNK	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
UNK	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
UNK	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
UNK	[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her . 
UNK	we become complicit in our own seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
UNK	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
UNK	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
UNK	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
UNK	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
UNK	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
UNK	this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
UNK	many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped . 
UNK	meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
UNK	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox . 
UNK	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
UNK	one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 
UNK	throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 
UNK	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) . 
UNK	turns out lonnie earl has a thing for candy , and when evidence of this starts to surface , things really start to heat up . 
UNK	it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
UNK	essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
UNK	while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
UNK	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
UNK	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
UNK	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
UNK	all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 
UNK	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
UNK	young juan antonio has been challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by se&#241 ; or maximiliano , a decorated military officer who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 
UNK	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
UNK	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
UNK	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
UNK	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
UNK	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
UNK	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
UNK	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
UNK	icon-bashing has never been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado about something . 
UNK	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 
UNK	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 
UNK	as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
UNK	before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 
UNK	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
UNK	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
UNK	the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah . 
UNK	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
UNK	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
UNK	you feel like you're the one moving at 80 mph , not the street lugers . 
UNK	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
UNK	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
UNK	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
UNK	soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 
UNK	at dinner , his father asks him about his new telescope . 
UNK	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
UNK	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
UNK	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension . 
UNK	disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
UNK	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
UNK	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
UNK	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
UNK	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
UNK	matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
UNK	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
UNK	in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop . 
UNK	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
UNK	jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
UNK	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
UNK	nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 
UNK	the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 
UNK	adrien , a former high-flying bank robber , recently released from prison and suffering from an incurable form of cancer . . . 
UNK	but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
UNK	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
UNK	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
UNK	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
UNK	regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
UNK	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
UNK	what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
UNK	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 
UNK	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
UNK	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
UNK	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
UNK	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
UNK	sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . 
UNK	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
UNK	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
UNK	nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
UNK	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
UNK	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
UNK	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
UNK	his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
UNK	 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
UNK	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
UNK	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
UNK	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
UNK	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
UNK	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
UNK	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
UNK	simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 
UNK	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
UNK	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
UNK	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
UNK	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
UNK	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
UNK	though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
UNK	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
UNK	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
UNK	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
UNK	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
UNK	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
UNK	le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
UNK	isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 
UNK	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
UNK	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
UNK	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
UNK	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
UNK	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
UNK	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
UNK	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 
UNK	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
UNK	determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 
UNK	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
UNK	fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
UNK	scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
UNK	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
UNK	a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
UNK	a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the usual teen twaddle by grounding the laughs in feeling . 
UNK	candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 
UNK	their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 
UNK	only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture . 
UNK	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
UNK	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
UNK	this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
UNK	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
UNK	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
UNK	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
UNK	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
UNK	 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
UNK	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
UNK	a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
UNK	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 
UNK	 " on the afternoon of july 1 , 1981 , los angeles police responded to a distress call at 8763 wonderland avenue and soon discovered a grisly quadruple homicide , later compared to the gruesome slaughter at the tate household at the hands of the charles manson family 10 years earlier . 
UNK	born and raised in the city , sang-woo quickly comes into conflict with his old-fashioned grandmother and his new rural surroundings . 
UNK	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
UNK	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
UNK	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
UNK	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
UNK	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
UNK	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
UNK	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
UNK	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
UNK	 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
UNK	she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
UNK	when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
UNK	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
UNK	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
UNK	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
UNK	dares to look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
UNK	gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
UNK	 " pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . . 
UNK	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
UNK	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
UNK	moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
UNK	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
UNK	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
UNK	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences . 
UNK	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
UNK	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
UNK	straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
UNK	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
UNK	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
UNK	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
UNK	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
UNK	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
UNK	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
UNK	she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
UNK	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
UNK	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
UNK	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 
UNK	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
UNK	on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
UNK	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
UNK	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
UNK	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
UNK	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
UNK	when tom goes away for a few days , lori , with the help of best friend , monica , investigates the disappearance of helen . 
UNK	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
UNK	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
UNK	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
UNK	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
UNK	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
UNK	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
UNK	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
UNK	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
UNK	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
UNK	calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 
UNK	a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
UNK	after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
UNK	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
UNK	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
UNK	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
UNK	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
UNK	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
UNK	the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
UNK	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 
UNK	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
UNK	a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 
UNK	until she leaves to the kitchen and he finds out that under the bed a male shoe that does not belong to him is carefully hidden by a male hand , under his own eyes . 
UNK	tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 
UNK	the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
UNK	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
UNK	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
UNK	she's a brilliant lawyer with a sharp , strategic mind . 
UNK	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
UNK	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
UNK	just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
UNK	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
UNK	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 
UNK	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
UNK	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
UNK	 . . . a rousing fantasy of bloodless revolution against capricious colonial rulers . 
UNK	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
UNK	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
UNK	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
UNK	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
UNK	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
UNK	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
UNK	set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 
UNK	a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria . 
UNK	what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
UNK	these movies were the first adult movies , most of them were made in order to explain how sex works to unexperimented young men before their first relation with a prostitute . . . 
UNK	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
UNK	despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
UNK	bold , imaginative , rational and persuasive an account of the lethally dangerous world we live in , the sum of all fears is an international spy drama with visceral impact . 
UNK	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
UNK	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
UNK	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
UNK	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
UNK	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
UNK	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
UNK	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
UNK	skin deep is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 
UNK	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
UNK	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
UNK	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
UNK	oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
UNK	someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 
UNK	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
UNK	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
UNK	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
UNK	it's not life-affirming — its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
UNK	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
UNK	the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
UNK	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
UNK	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
UNK	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
UNK	when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 
UNK	when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
UNK	a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
UNK	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
UNK	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
UNK	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
UNK	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
UNK	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
UNK	it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 
UNK	josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil intentions of dump fast , only has there just been quite a fight between the two lifelong friends . 
UNK	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
UNK	while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 
UNK	paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 
UNK	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
UNK	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
UNK	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
UNK	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
UNK	 ( e . t . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience that i don't believe will ever show signs of age . 
UNK	rarely has a film's title served such dire warning . 
UNK	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
UNK	graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them . 
UNK	an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
UNK	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
UNK	two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 
UNK	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
UNK	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
UNK	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
UNK	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
UNK	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
UNK	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
UNK	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
UNK	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
UNK	things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come into play . 
UNK	two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
UNK	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
UNK	although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
UNK	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
UNK	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
UNK	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
UNK	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
UNK	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
UNK	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
UNK	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
UNK	a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 
UNK	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
UNK	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
UNK	in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
UNK	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
UNK	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
UNK	nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
UNK	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
UNK	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
UNK	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
UNK	it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student . 
UNK	and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
UNK	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
UNK	but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
UNK	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
UNK	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
UNK	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
UNK	a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc spends her time looking after the plants around her . 
UNK	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
UNK	the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
UNK	the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
UNK	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
UNK	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
UNK	a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
UNK	lightbulbs , fire , barbed wire , mousetraps , staple guns , thumbtacks and glass are weapons of choice in the backyard . 
UNK	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
UNK	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
UNK	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
UNK	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
UNK	in his memoirs , guevara recounts adventures he , and best friend alberto granado , had while crossing south america by motorcycle in the early 1950s . 
UNK	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
UNK	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
UNK	a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
UNK	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
UNK	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
UNK	the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 
UNK	the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 
UNK	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
UNK	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
UNK	part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
UNK	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
UNK	his intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention of veteran walter burke ( al pacino ) who squires him through the agency's difficult training courses and helps him to quickly rise through the ranks . 
UNK	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
UNK	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
UNK	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
UNK	as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 
UNK	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
UNK	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 
UNK	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
UNK	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 
UNK	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
UNK	ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
UNK	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
UNK	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
UNK	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
UNK	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
UNK	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
UNK	through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 
UNK	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
UNK	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 
UNK	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
UNK	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
UNK	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
UNK	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
UNK	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
UNK	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
UNK	their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
UNK	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
UNK	postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 
UNK	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 
UNK	everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
UNK	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
UNK	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
UNK	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 
UNK	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
UNK	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
UNK	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
UNK	the fact that he owns the gun of a popular man , who got killed , from that town makes him prime suspect . 
UNK	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
UNK	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
UNK	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
UNK	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
UNK	it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 
UNK	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
UNK	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
UNK	the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
UNK	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
UNK	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
UNK	it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
UNK	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
UNK	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
UNK	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
UNK	in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 
UNK	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
UNK	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
UNK	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
UNK	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
UNK	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
UNK	it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 
UNK	it's gruesome violence combined with tongue-in-cheek humor . . . fans of this genre will flock to fulltime killer , and they'll be blown away . 
UNK	one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken . 
UNK	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
UNK	more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
UNK	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
UNK	it is survival of the fittest as the friendships are pushed to the limit . 
UNK	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
UNK	an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
UNK	when his affair with a young troubled janitor ( kidman ) is uncovered , the secret silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife , his children and colleague , writer nathan zuckerman , fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences . 
UNK	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
UNK	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 
UNK	on the other side of town a woman named jill valentine tries to escape from the city while battling zombies and matt adison , now transformed into a monster called " the nemesis " who is bent on destroying all who live . 
UNK	a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing . 
UNK	the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers . 
UNK	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
UNK	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
UNK	her father invented the world panorama for use by the authorities , but was turned down . 
UNK	subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 
UNK	these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene . 
UNK	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
UNK	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
UNK	this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
UNK	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
UNK	friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
UNK	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
UNK	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
UNK	when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
UNK	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
UNK	edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 
UNK	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
UNK	the visionary quest begins on the operating table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket . 
UNK	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
UNK	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 
UNK	after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
UNK	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
UNK	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
UNK	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
UNK	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
UNK	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
UNK	time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
UNK	palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 
UNK	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
UNK	spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
UNK	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
UNK	when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
UNK	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
UNK	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
UNK	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
UNK	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
UNK	trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
UNK	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
UNK	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
UNK	in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
UNK	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
UNK	the feeling of each vision changes drastically as does the way the son looks and acts . 
UNK	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
UNK	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
UNK	jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 
UNK	 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
UNK	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
UNK	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
UNK	the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
UNK	suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 
UNK	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
UNK	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
UNK	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
UNK	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
UNK	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
UNK	tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
UNK	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
UNK	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
UNK	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
UNK	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
UNK	but then nora is revealed and tactics need to be changed . 
UNK	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
UNK	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
UNK	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
UNK	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
UNK	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
UNK	a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john . 
UNK	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
UNK	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
UNK	not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
UNK	sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 
UNK	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
UNK	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
UNK	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
UNK	she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 
UNK	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
UNK	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
UNK	one of the film's strongest achievements is the way it manages to get so much mileage out of such a simple concept as spirals . 
UNK	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
UNK	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
UNK	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
UNK	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
UNK	as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 
UNK	when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
UNK	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
UNK	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
UNK	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
UNK	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
UNK	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
UNK	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
UNK	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
UNK	dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
UNK	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
UNK	the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
UNK	in the process they have tortured villagers and something dreadful happens and rupi disappears . 
UNK	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
UNK	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
UNK	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
UNK	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
UNK	when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
UNK	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
UNK	god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 
UNK	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
UNK	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
UNK	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
UNK	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
UNK	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
UNK	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
UNK	an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 
UNK	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
UNK	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
UNK	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
UNK	he begins to spread the gospel of communal ideals , which he has absorbed during his travels in india . 
UNK	after narrow escapes from the germans and a stray mine in the channel , the two men are picked up at sea and interrogated as spies . 
UNK	there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 
UNK	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
UNK	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
UNK	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
UNK	insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
UNK	not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . 
UNK	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
UNK	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
UNK	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
UNK	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
UNK	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
UNK	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
UNK	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
UNK	their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
UNK	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
UNK	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
UNK	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped . 
UNK	back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers , and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age , a stupid sloth named sid , a woolly mammoth named manny , a saber-toothed tiger named diego , and an acorn-loving saber-toothed squirrel named scrat are forced to become unlikely heroes . 
UNK	no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
UNK	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
UNK	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
UNK	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 
UNK	the story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their characters risk everything just to save their love . 
UNK	decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 
UNK	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
UNK	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
UNK	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
UNK	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
UNK	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
UNK	inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
UNK	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
UNK	they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run . 
UNK	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
UNK	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
UNK	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
UNK	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
UNK	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
UNK	'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 
UNK	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
UNK	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
UNK	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
UNK	the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
UNK	whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 
UNK	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
UNK	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
UNK	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
UNK	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
UNK	like other almodóvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
UNK	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
UNK	she went on to be in brazil's first-ever fashion parade/show . 
UNK	but things are not always what they may look like . 
UNK	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
UNK	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 
UNK	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
UNK	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
UNK	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
UNK	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
UNK	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
UNK	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
UNK	nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
UNK	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
UNK	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
UNK	but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 
UNK	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
UNK	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
UNK	it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 
UNK	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
UNK	behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
UNK	daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 
UNK	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
UNK	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
UNK	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
UNK	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
UNK	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
UNK	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
UNK	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
UNK	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
UNK	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
UNK	…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
UNK	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
UNK	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
UNK	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
UNK	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
UNK	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
UNK	while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
UNK	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
UNK	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
UNK	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
UNK	failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 
UNK	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
UNK	real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility . 
UNK	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
UNK	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
UNK	when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
UNK	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
UNK	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
UNK	the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
UNK	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
UNK	he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
UNK	the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) . 
UNK	mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 
UNK	there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 
UNK	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
UNK	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
UNK	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
UNK	and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 
UNK	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 
UNK	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
UNK	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . " 
UNK	this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
UNK	brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
UNK	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 
UNK	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
UNK	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
UNK	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
UNK	the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't one hair out of place . 
UNK	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
UNK	 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
UNK	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
UNK	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
UNK	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
UNK	the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
UNK	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
UNK	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
UNK	but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 
UNK	the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient . 
UNK	'[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
UNK	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
UNK	narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
UNK	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
UNK	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
UNK	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
UNK	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
UNK	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
UNK	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
UNK	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
UNK	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
UNK	only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 
UNK	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
UNK	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
UNK	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
UNK	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
UNK	the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
UNK	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
UNK	until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 
UNK	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
UNK	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
UNK	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
UNK	they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
UNK	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
UNK	two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 
UNK	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
UNK	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
UNK	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
UNK	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
UNK	he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 
UNK	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
UNK	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
UNK	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
UNK	the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 
UNK	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
UNK	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
UNK	a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over . 
UNK	their assignment : using equal parts skill and humor , catch arnold gundars , one of the world's most successful illegal arms dealers , and foil his treacherous plans for the plane . 
UNK	this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
UNK	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
UNK	mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
UNK	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
UNK	provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " . 
UNK	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
UNK	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
UNK	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
UNK	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
UNK	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
UNK	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
UNK	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
UNK	one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
UNK	because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
UNK	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
UNK	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
UNK	however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 
UNK	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
