1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
1	then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
1	academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
0	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
0	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
1	while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
0	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
1	with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
0	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
0	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
0	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
0	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
1	depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 
0	it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
0	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
0	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
1	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
1	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
1	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
0	old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
1	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
1	detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
0	nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
0	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
1	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
1	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
1	from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
0	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
0	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
0	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
1	she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
1	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
1	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
0	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
0	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
1	mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
1	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 
1	they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
0	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
1	together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
1	but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
1	with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
1	a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
1	during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
1	ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 
1	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
1	once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
0	tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
1	on the other side of town a woman named jill valentine tries to escape from the city while battling zombies and matt adison , now transformed into a monster called " the nemesis " who is bent on destroying all who live . 
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
1	one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
1	is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production . 
1	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
0	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 
0	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
1	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
1	investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
0	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
0	for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
1	there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
1	a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
0	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
0	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
1	on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
0	a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
1	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
0	sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
1	left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
1	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
0	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
1	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
1	as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
1	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
1	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	in their brief meeting , johnny will get the chance to face his truth , but the truth is never what it seems . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
1	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
0	the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story . 
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
1	a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 
0	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
1	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
