1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
0	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
1	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
0	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
0	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
0	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
1	she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives . 
1	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
1	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
1	as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
0	the careful compositions in the taiwanese what time is it there ? give us plenty of time to search for meaning and to wonder what the movie is trying to say . 
1	but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 
0	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience . 
1	its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
1	shown as an episode of " the south bank show " . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
1	aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked er nurse treating frankie's fractures . 
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
1	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
0	when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
1	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
1	on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
1	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 
1	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
0	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
0	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
1	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
0	it offers an important lesson about how a supposedly simple disagreement can get so far out of hand that lives are lost . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
0	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
1	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
1	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
1	with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
1	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
0	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
1	after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 
0	smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes . 
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
0	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
1	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
0	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
0	if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
0	 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
1	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
0	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
0	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
1	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
0	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
1	playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
1	one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 
1	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
0	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
1	the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
1	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
1	when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
1	to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
0	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
1	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
0	armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller . 
1	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
1	rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
1	the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
0	the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
0	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
1	as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
1	a car crash has cut short his promising baseball career , and with his dream of playing in the major leagues destroyed , sean turns to alcohol . 
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
1	blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
1	in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
1	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
1	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
0	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
1	while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
0	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
1	a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing . 
1	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
0	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
0	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
1	after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
1	two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
1	it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
1	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
0	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
0	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
1	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
1	showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
1	soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
1	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 
1	their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
1	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
0	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
0	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
0	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas . 
1	bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
1	marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
1	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
1	ricki , a " lesbian assassin " , is sent to oversee gigli's job and make sure he doesn't screw it up . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
0	the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
0	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a flair . 
1	in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
0	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
1	helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
1	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
1	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
0	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
0	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
0	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . " 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
1	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
0	i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
1	no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
1	a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy . 
1	through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
1	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
0	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
1	when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 
0	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
1	a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 
1	an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
0	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
0	it has something of the aura of four weddings and a funeral about it , mixed in with a bit of bridget jones's diary , but the movie's just too different , too risky for huge popularity . 
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
1	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
0	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
1	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
1	tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
0	it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
1	he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
0	windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
1	joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
1	seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
0	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
1	a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
1	failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
1	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
1	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
1	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
0	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
0	' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
1	armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
1	five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
1	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
0	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
1	he enters an unknown world of rituals and cutural perceptions , and fixes everything in his own unique way . 
0	son of the bride manages to be affectionate without drawing too deeply from a well of sugar and schmaltz . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
1	tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 
1	the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
1	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
1	numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
1	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
1	as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
1	it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
1	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
0	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
1	and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
1	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
0	a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
1	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 
1	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
1	451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
1	nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 
0	allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 
0	a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
0	it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
1	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
0	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
1	for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
0	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
1	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
1	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
0	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
1	on a trip through texas to mexico , a group of teens pick up the survivor of a massacre that took place the night before . 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
1	but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
1	in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 
0	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
0	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
0	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
0	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
1	only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 
1	as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
1	she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
1	they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 
1	during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 
1	set against the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in their lives during this time of social injustice and world war . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
1	he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
1	they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
0	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
1	as fran's requests become more peculiar , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
1	for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
1	when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
1	soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
1	until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
1	and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
1	when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
1	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
1	nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 
0	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
0	if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
1	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 
0	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
0	like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
0	uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
1	doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
0	an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
0	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
0	the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
1	before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
0	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
1	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
0	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
0	for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
1	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
1	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
1	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
0	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
0	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
0	we're not talking a disney treasure here , but if treasure planet falls short of gem status , it should provide youngsters with a reasonable amount of diversion . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
1	in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
0	could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
1	a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
1	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
1	enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
0	never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
1	billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
1	there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
1	journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
0	film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
1	although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
1	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
1	his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
0	a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
0	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
0	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care . 
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
0	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
1	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
1	suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
1	max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
1	astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
1	the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
1	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
1	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
1	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
1	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
1	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
1	when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
1	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
1	his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
0	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
0	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
1	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
0	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
1	and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
0	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
0	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
1	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
0	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
1	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
1	privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
0	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
0	a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
1	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
1	levi , is an ex-navy man and an animal rights activist who returns home to find the war at home harder to fight than anything he's ever encountered , but what and who is he fighting for ? 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
1	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
1	with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
1	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
1	entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
1	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
1	eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it . 
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
0	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
1	all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
0	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
1	the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
1	and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
1	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government . 
0	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
1	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
