1	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
1	this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
1	 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
1	reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 
1	everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
1	the mystery guests soon unleash a stiff sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the consequence of doing unto others as you would have done unto you . 
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
1	along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
1	as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 
1	together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
1	sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
0	provides an intriguing look at how the new economy has redrawn class lines in contemporary china . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
0	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
1	the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
1	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
0	this isn't an original film , but it is an effective one . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
1	landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
1	his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
1	when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
1	provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " . 
0	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
1	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
1	diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
1	after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
1	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
0	skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
0	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
0	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
1	a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
