0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
0	a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen . 
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 
0	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
1	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 
0	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
1	amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
1	fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
1	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 
0	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
1	he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
0	it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
1	he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
1	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 
1	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
1	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
0	'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin . 
1	with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
1	but his yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
1	mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 
1	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
0	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
1	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
1	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
1	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
1	to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
0	it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
1	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
1	this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
1	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	in the year 2009 , a new drug known as blood heat is developed . 
0	goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
1	soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 
1	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
1	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
1	retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
1	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
1	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
1	with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
1	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
1	not to worry , his two friends tim ( lord jamar ) and sean ( ivan martin ) are self proclaimed singles experts who are willing to help their buddy . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
0	a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
0	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away . 
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
1	alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
0	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
0	just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
0	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
1	the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
1	for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 
1	she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
1	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
1	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
1	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
0	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
1	and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
0	a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
1	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
0	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
1	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
1	as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
0	a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and cultural forces one moment , and in the next patiently observing the way a bowl of medicinal tea , seen turning in a microwave carousel , begins to describe its own slow epicycles . 
1	given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 
1	is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
1	she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
0	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
1	the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 
0	buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block . 
0	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
1	nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple . 
1	nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
0	while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
1	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
0	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
1	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
1	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
1	it is late at night in a foreign land . 
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
0	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
1	he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 
1	in a place soon to be known as the valley of death , in a small clearing called landing zone x-ray , lt . colonel hal moore ( mel gibson ) and 400 young fathers , husbands , brothers , and sons , all troopers from an elite american combat division , were surrounded by 2 , 000 north vietnamese soldiers . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
0	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
1	in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
0	the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
1	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
0	ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
1	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
1	each of the principals has a radically different way of dealing with it . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
1	an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor . 
1	candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
1	having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
1	bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
0	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 
1	especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
1	he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
1	hot on the trail of the principle villains , bond travels to iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in korea where it all started . . . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
0	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
0	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
1	when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed . 
1	munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
1	he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
0	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
1	steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
0	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
1	the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
1	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
1	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
1	suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 
0	despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
0	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
0	a haunted , bountiful film that demands patience -- and rewards it . 
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
0	the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
1	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
0	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
0	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
1	this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 
1	when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
1	after the death of a " mucker " and two others opposing her sect , the local authorities decide to act against her and her followers . 
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
1	guns , money , and a chance at paradise . . . 
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
1	together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 
0	the longer version may be truer to tornatore's tripartite vision--and less simply cloying and calculated--but ultimately it's also less coherent and emotionally satisfying . 
0	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
0	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
1	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
0	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
1	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
1	after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
1	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
1	the film narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images to seduce . 
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
1	the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 
0	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
0	 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
0	the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
1	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
0	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
1	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
0	kids surely will like it . and for adults , it's perfectly watchable in a rugrats-y sort of way . 
1	terri ( eve ) is a hard-edged woman who can't seem to leave her two-timing boyfriend . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
0	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
0	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
0	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
0	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
1	when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 
1	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
1	so he starts to write an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin . 
0	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
1	tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
0	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
1	the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
0	kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys . 
0	the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
1	in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
1	the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
1	sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers . 
0	first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
0	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
1	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
1	his only-way-out is to create for himself a new identity franklin mann one without the doubt , pain or guilt . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
1	bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 
1	oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
0	straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
0	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
1	but still , the killings do not stop with his death . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
1	mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
1	a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc spends her time looking after the plants around her . 
1	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
1	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
1	these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
1	neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
1	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
1	together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
1	how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
1	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
0	not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
1	in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
1	with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 
1	they all decide to go together and they leave . 
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
1	by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
1	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
0	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
1	matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
0	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence . 
1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
1	but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
0	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
0	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
1	his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 
1	then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
1	and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
1	denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
0	it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
1	a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
1	they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 
0	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing . 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
1	his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 
0	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
1	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
1	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
0	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
0	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
1	bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
1	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 
1	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 
1	jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
1	watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 
0	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
1	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
1	using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
1	after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 
0	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
0	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
1	fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . 
1	another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
1	the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
1	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
0	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
0	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
1	harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
1	a mafia don ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind such a will which starts an unending war between guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's son-in law and vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
0	 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
0	[reno] may have a few grating gaps in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story ended up on the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel as if it wasn't a complete waste of time to sit through . 
0	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
1	unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
0	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
0	evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
0	time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
1	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
1	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 
1	meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
1	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
0	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
0	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
1	a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
1	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
1	tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
1	while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
1	and a good portion of them were caught on film . 
0	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
0	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
0	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development . 
1	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 
1	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
0	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
0	williams hasn't been this creepy since his starring role in popeye . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
0	holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
1	its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
1	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
1	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
1	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
1	lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
0	an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
1	however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 
1	a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
0	leggy zeta-jones is so hot in the 'all that jazz' number , she's flammable . and zellweger defines delicious . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
1	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
1	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
1	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 
0	ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
1	he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
0	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
0	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way . 
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
1	chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
0	though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of life keep the movie surprisingly upbeat . 
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
1	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
1	when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 
1	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
1	carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
0	witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
0	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
0	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
1	thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 
1	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
1	clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency . 
1	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
1	the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 
1	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
0	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
1	brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
0	a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
1	in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field . 
1	francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
1	it's a sci-fi , time travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery all rolled into one as mark twain on the way home from one of his last speaking tours in 1906 , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in pursuit of the other , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and the headline reads " manned mars mission . . . . 
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
1	among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
0	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
0	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
1	but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
1	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
1	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 
0	the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
1	in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
1	but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made . 
1	the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
0	what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmán does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
1	based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 
0	halloween : resurrection is surprisingly effective , especially the opening sequence featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
1	while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go . 
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
1	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
1	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
0	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
1	undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
1	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
0	beautifully acted , smart and funny . it steers clear of being a maudlin soap opera normally found on lifetime . 
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
1	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
0	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
1	in a post communist eastern european country in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and times are tough . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
1	they are known as masters of the runaway art . 
1	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
1	mary is an 18-year-old high school senior , and joe , her fianc&#233 ; , is 23 , working hard to get techweb established as an internet consulting firm . 
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
0	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
1	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
1	he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
0	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
1	dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 
0	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
1	patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
1	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 
1	their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
1	the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 
0	 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
1	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
1	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
1	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
0	a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
1	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
1	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
1	babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
1	he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
1	with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
1	life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
0	an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
1	investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 
1	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
1	to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
1	when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
1	multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
0	as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
0	the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . " 
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
1	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
1	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
1	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
0	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
0	the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
1	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
1	when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
0	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
1	however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
0	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
1	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
0	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last . 
1	a car crash has cut short his promising baseball career , and with his dream of playing in the major leagues destroyed , sean turns to alcohol . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
0	 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
0	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
0	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . . 
1	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
0	the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
1	but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
0	we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
1	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
1	when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
1	their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
0	twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings . 
1	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
1	velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
0	there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
1	a young french journalist , marina , is writing a report on 'the next film starred by melina : the story of lilly' . 
1	jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 
0	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
1	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
1	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 
1	he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
0	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
1	the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 
0	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
0	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
0	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
1	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
1	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
0	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
1	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
0	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
1	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
1	led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 
0	[while the last metro] was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
0	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity . 
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
1	instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
1	now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . " 
0	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
1	passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
0	the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
0	a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria . 
0	uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos . 
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
0	you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
1	the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
1	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
0	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
1	she went on to be in brazil's first-ever fashion parade/show . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
0	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
0	if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
1	when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
1	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
0	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
1	in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
1	trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
1	however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
1	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
0	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
0	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension . 
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
1	with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
0	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
0	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
1	nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 
0	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
1	the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 
0	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
0	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
0	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory . 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
0	the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
0	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
0	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
1	this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is . 
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
1	the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
1	however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
1	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
0	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
1	some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
1	two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
1	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
0	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
1	the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
1	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 
1	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
0	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
1	after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 
0	like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight . 
1	jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
0	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
1	he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 
1	paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
1	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
1	but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
0	relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular . 
1	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
0	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done . 
0	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch . 
1	his plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 
0	more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
0	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
1	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
0	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
1	when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 
0	 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
1	 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 
0	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
0	ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years . 
0	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
1	otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
1	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
1	ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
1	the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
1	down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
1	after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
1	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
0	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
1	seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right . 
1	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
1	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
1	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
0	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
1	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
0	there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
1	some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
1	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
1	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 
0	everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 
1	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
1	she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 
1	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
1	they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
1	mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
0	berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
1	with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
0	while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
1	will taco chick and salsa girl assist superfag in defeating this evil menace ? 
0	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
1	the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on . 
0	like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
0	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
0	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would . 
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
0	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
1	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
1	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
1	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
1	woody allen plays val waxman , a film director , who was once big in the 1970's and 1980's , but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . 
1	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
0	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
1	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
0	a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending . 
1	their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
0	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
1	there are only three u . s . states left . 
1	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 
1	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
0	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
1	but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
1	 " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
0	there's a fine chemistry of contrasts between lau's exuberance and the quiet , slow-burning intensity takashi sorimachi brings to his role . 
1	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
1	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
1	they embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
1	and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
0	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
1	hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
0	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
1	the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
1	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
1	while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
1	in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
1	off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society . 
0	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
1	exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
1	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 
1	as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
0	it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
1	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
0	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
1	hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
1	when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
0	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
1	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
0	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
1	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
1	sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
0	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
0	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
1	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
1	she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
0	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
1	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
1	boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
1	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
0	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
0	after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
0	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
1	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 
1	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
0	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
1	it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
1	as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
1	meena's growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
1	now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
0	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
0	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
1	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
0	 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
1	he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
1	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
1	alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
1	the story of ray , a personal injury attorney facing a moral and spiritual crisis . 
1	this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 
0	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
1	they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 
0	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
1	in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) . 
1	in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
1	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
0	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
0	an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
1	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
1	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
0	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
1	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
1	as he tries to re-discover the family that he abandoned long ago , he is forced to confront the anxieties in his memories - the family he betrayed and abandoned at the expense of his own happiness . 
0	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
0	a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
1	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 
0	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
1	the phantom , feeling betrayed , kidnaps christine and brings her to his lair where he plans to make her his eternal bride . 
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
1	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
0	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
0	while soderbergh succeeds in recapturing the themes and mood of tarkovsky's version , he also brings with them a cold , emotionless sheen , a detached air that defeats his efforts to truly engage us . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 
0	merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
1	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
0	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
1	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 
1	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
0	tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout . 
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
0	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
1	with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
1	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
0	moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
0	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
1	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
0	it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
1	tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
0	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 
0	 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
1	documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
0	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
1	it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
1	those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
1	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
1	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
1	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
0	if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
1	and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
0	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
0	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
1	 " the institute " is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
1	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
1	when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
0	succeeds very well in its primary aim of making us gasp . 
0	in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
1	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
0	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
1	while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
1	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
0	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
1	some of his most popular work was when he played " johnny wadd " private detective . 
1	they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 
0	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
0	it's not life-affirming — its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
0	i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
0	 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
1	this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
1	with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	stan lee discusses the origins of the industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics and comics ; peter david tells the story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a fan ; and much more . 
1	vicious , the future descendant of james and jessie of team rocket , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's up to young ash , pikachu and friends to stop him . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
0	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
1	it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
1	his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
1	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
1	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
1	such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
0	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
1	this is a delightful comedy with countless celebrity cameos by dave foley , jeff goldblum , and jack black just to name a few . 
0	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
0	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
0	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
0	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
0	 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
1	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
1	when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
1	nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
1	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
0	 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
1	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
0	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
1	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 
0	despite cramming in numerous clichés , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
1	however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
0	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
1	he has the wrong blood type to be able to donate one of his kidneys , so he arranges a trade with a group of organ dealers : one of his kidneys , and 10 million won , in return for their finding a kidney for his sister . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
0	this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
1	the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
0	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
1	when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 
1	a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again . 
1	and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
0	a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
0	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
1	unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
1	a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why . 
0	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
1	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 
0	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 
1	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
0	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
0	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
1	he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
1	god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 
1	franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 
0	you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
1	 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
1	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
1	as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
1	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
0	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
0	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
1	meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
0	a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
1	 " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
0	in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
1	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
1	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
1	but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
1	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
0	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
1	the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
1	long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
0	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
1	a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa . 
1	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
0	the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on . 
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
0	it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
1	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
1	set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
1	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
0	green dragon falls prey to some threadbare hollywood conventions , but otherwise maintains a high level of maturity and emotion as it examines the lives of vietnamese refugees entering america in 1975 . 
0	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
1	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
1	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
1	 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 
1	there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
1	taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school . 
1	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 
1	 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
0	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
0	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
0	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
1	in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 
1	set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
0	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
0	it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business . 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
1	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
1	once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
1	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
0	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
1	greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
1	diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling . 
0	lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
1	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
0	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives ! 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
1	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
1	familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 
0	an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
1	3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
0	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
1	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 
1	it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
0	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
0	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
0	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
1	a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they anticipate their time apart . 
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
0	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
1	what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
0	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
0	 . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
1	killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , family , god . 
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
1	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
0	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
1	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
0	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
1	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
1	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 
1	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
0	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
1	van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 
0	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
0	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
1	soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 
1	the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
0	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
0	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
1	mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
1	under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
1	nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
0	 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
1	ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose . 
1	lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
0	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
0	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
0	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
0	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
1	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
1	is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
1	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 
0	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
1	but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
1	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
1	the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 
0	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
1	an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
1	or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 
1	the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
0	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
0	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
1	as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not . 
1	but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 
0	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
1	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
1	the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
1	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
0	the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
1	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 
0	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
1	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
1	between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 
1	however when he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't go through with it despite her good advice on how to do it . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas . 
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
1	also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
1	nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 
0	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 
1	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
1	in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
1	and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 
1	shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
1	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
1	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
1	as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 
1	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
1	in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 
1	directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 
0	kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
0	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
1	after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 
1	after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
1	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
1	kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
1	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 
1	after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
0	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
1	instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 
1	the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 
1	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
1	skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
1	but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
1	jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
1	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format . 
1	andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
0	the writer-director bestows honor -- generously , apolitically -- not only on the dead and still living american veterans who fought in ia drang , but also on their families , on their vietnamese adversaries , and on the families of their adversaries too . 
1	ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st . 
1	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
1	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
0	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
1	in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
0	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
1	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
0	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
1	in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
0	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
0	no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também . 
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 
1	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
1	a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
1	there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
1	aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
0	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
1	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
1	keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
1	however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
1	in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
1	as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to " the shu " where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . 
1	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
1	but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
0	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
1	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
0	possesses something rare : a degree of genuine reverence in its depiction of surfing as a sport and a subculture . 
1	underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
1	disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
0	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
1	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
0	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
1	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
1	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 
0	it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
0	a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
0	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
0	cho , a clarion voice of reason in an unreasonable world , has a rare comic brilliance , incisiveness and relatability . 
1	the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
1	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 
1	soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief . 
0	a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling . 
0	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
0	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
1	when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
0	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
0	no , the dangerous lives of altar boys does not exist in a state of perfect grace . however , its sins are forgivably venial , because its virtues are palpably human . 
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
1	for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
1	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
0	coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 
1	one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
1	they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 
1	in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
0	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
0	a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
1	his intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention of veteran walter burke ( al pacino ) who squires him through the agency's difficult training courses and helps him to quickly rise through the ranks . 
0	anything but a feel-good movie in its particulars , read my lips nonetheless communicates a liberating message as refreshing as it is peculiar . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
0	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
0	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
0	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
0	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 
1	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
1	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
0	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1	a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
1	jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
0	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
0	sandler has played weirdos for zany comic effect , and it's interesting to finally see him play one in a relatively subdued romantic dramedy . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
1	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
1	mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
1	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
0	the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
1	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
1	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
1	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 
1	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
1	a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 
1	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
1	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
0	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable . 
1	when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
0	a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
0	for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
1	in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
0	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
0	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
0	beanie's a big believer in appreciating the art in your own neighborhood even if it isn't backed by a multimillion-dollar budget — and so am i . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
1	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
0	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
1	when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to find her tries to use the spring for his personal gain . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
0	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
1	that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
0	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
1	martin is going on a blinddate and in his internal government the ministers are preparing for a routine state visit . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
0	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
0	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
0	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
1	in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
0	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
1	20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
1	a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
1	when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds . 
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
1	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
1	moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
1	a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 
0	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
0	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
1	he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 
1	she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
1	in the early years , mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her . 
0	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
1	when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
1	set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 
0	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
1	tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
1	in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play . 
1	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
0	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 
1	the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
1	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
1	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
1	until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
0	like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
0	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
1	it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
0	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
1	her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 
1	the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 
0	a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
0	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
1	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape . 
0	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
1	gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell . 
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
0	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
0	dares to look conventional hollywood wisdom in the eye and refuses to blink
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
0	the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
1	when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
1	this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films . 
1	there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
0	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
1	having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
1	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
0	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
1	but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list . 
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
0	the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
1	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
0	everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
0	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks . 
1	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
0	an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
1	john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
1	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
0	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
1	a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
0	it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
0	what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
1	when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 
1	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
0	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
1	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
0	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
1	sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
1	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
0	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
0	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
1	privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 
1	while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan . 
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
0	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
1	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
1	peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
0	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0	makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 
1	when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
0	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
1	a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
1	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
1	fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary . 
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
0	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
0	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
0	a lyrical if sluggish excursion set in war-torn iranian kurdistan . 
0	you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
1	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 
0	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
1	passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 
1	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
1	ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
0	a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
0	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
0	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with sacred cows of family values . 
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
1	to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 
1	suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
1	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
1	in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
1	thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
1	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
1	numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
1	as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 
0	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
1	when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
1	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
0	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
1	a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 
1	katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 
1	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
0	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
1	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
0	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper . 
1	living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
1	after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 
0	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
0	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
0	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
1	ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
0	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
0	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
1	someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
0	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
1	in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
0	un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
1	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
1	raja also manages to go to malaysia with them . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
0	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
1	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
1	when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four " pork chops " ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . 
0	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
1	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
1	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
1	arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 
0	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
1	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
0	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
0	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
0	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
0	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
0	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
1	legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
1	bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
1	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
0	 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
1	the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
0	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
0	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
1	viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
1	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 
1	but she can't escape her suspicion that her husband is having an affair with a teenage girl . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
1	the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
1	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
1	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
1	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
1	all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children . 
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
1	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
0	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
0	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
0	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
1	over the next few days , united by nothing more than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm them . 
1	spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
1	now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
1	mitchell misses the bus and starts walking to school . 
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 
1	fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 
0	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
1	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
0	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
0	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
1	documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
1	the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness . 
1	the pursuit eventually takes us back to l . a . , where secrets begin to get exposed . . . . 
1	pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 
0	several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
1	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
0	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
1	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
0	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
1	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
0	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
0	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affairs of the heart , and is well worth seeing for its elective affinities alone . 
1	conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 
1	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 
0	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
1	based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
1	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
1	besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 
1	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
0	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
1	and suddenly , she spots her beloved , wandering over sand dunes and brings the exhausted patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 
0	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
0	but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
1	when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 
1	this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
0	a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
0	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
0	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
1	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . . 
1	all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
1	then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
1	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
0	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
0	once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
1	slowly , it changed to love but it was still unsaid . 
0	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
1	lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
1	a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
1	in present-day london , twelve-year-old quinn watches as his mother , a construction engineer , inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber . 
1	the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
0	becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
0	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 
0	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
1	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
1	the corrupt wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark lord sauron , and his slimy assistant , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of man and middle-earth . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 
0	mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
1	former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
1	as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
0	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 
0	the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
1	during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
1	turns out lonnie earl has a thing for candy , and when evidence of this starts to surface , things really start to heat up . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
0	if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
0	contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
1	he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 
1	a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
1	winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	the film's saving grace is the brilliant execution of its march numbers . 
1	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
1	can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
0	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
1	missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
0	what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
1	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
1	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
1	chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
1	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
1	the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
1	the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
0	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
1	things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
1	when an international criminal ( dacascos ) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as part of a diamond heist , it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search ( led by a government agent played by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
1	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
1	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
0	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
1	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
1	nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
1	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
1	when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 
1	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 
1	a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
1	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 
1	this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
1	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
0	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
0	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
1	once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 
1	he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds . 
1	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 
0	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
0	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
1	not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
1	a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
1	carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 
0	both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
0	it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
1	dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of chateau d'lf for 13 years , where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him . 
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
1	so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 
0	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
0	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
1	yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
1	he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
1	increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 
1	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
1	palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 
0	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
0	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
0	apesar de não superar o original , o chamado é um suspense bem realizado que , à sua própria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
1	plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 
1	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
1	 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
1	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
1	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
0	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
0	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
1	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
0	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
1	while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 
1	in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
1	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
1	at night he is daredevil , a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city , a relentless avenger of justice . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
1	in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
0	…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
1	the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
1	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
1	it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
1	she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
0	the film is probably worth seeing for the sheer spectacle of it all , for the sake of obtaining valuable information , and for finding more closure on a story that has always been missing several pieces . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
1	the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
1	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
1	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
0	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
1	the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
0	 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
0	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
0	 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
1	but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
1	but god knows of this evil and sends a protector , an unlikely angel to watch over her . 
0	highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
1	the hunky pizza guy , the mad scotsman and a parade of firemen all become invited guests - men almost out numbering the women . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
1	a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
1	 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 
1	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
0	starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
0	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
1	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
0	 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
0	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
1	the girl's lover thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for her . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
0	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
1	what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
0	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away . 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
0	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
0	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
0	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
1	oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 
0	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
1	a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
0	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
1	in the small town , local cop connie struggles with many sightings of a mothlike creature taller than a man being reported , while john believes that an explanation for his wife's fate can be found . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
0	a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the usual teen twaddle by grounding the laughs in feeling . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
0	the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
1	ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
1	when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
0	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
1	his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
1	lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
0	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match . 
0	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
1	an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
0	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
0	director and co-writer hilary birmingham's maiden feature… is a strong , polished , professional indie effort that bodes well for bigger success . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
1	the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 
0	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
0	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
1	 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 
0	williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 
1	but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
1	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
1	this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
1	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
1	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
0	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
1	rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
0	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
1	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 
0	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 
1	charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 
0	feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
0	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
1	nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
1	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
0	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
0	 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
1	set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
1	a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
1	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
1	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
1	when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
1	enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
1	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
1	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
0	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
0	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
0	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
0	[jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
0	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
0	may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
1	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
1	he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
0	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
1	matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 
0	while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
0	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
1	but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 
1	brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
0	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
0	while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
1	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
1	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
1	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
1	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
1	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
0	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
0	a beautiful meditation on the life force and redemptive power of literature -- for writers and readers alike -- and on what it means to be fully alive , navigating the rocky terrain between vision and execution . 
1	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
1	sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
1	since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
0	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
1	it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
0	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
1	paco ( debora falabella ) and tonho ( roberto bomtempo ) are illegal brazilian immigrants in new york . 
0	deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
0	a painting brought to life , the tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set on a vast australian landscape . 
1	based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
1	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
0	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
1	now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
0	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
1	it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 
0	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
1	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
1	hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
1	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
1	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
0	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 
0	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
0	not exactly worth a drum roll but a movie with enough collegiate ka-boom to earn its title , drumline is a percussion-driven musical variation on every sports pic you've seen about the talented hot dog who eventually learns to become a team player . 
1	the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
0	never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
0	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
0	i'm not sure all about lily chou-chou made sense in my head , but it made sense in my heart . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
1	by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
0	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
1	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 
1	as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all . 
0	such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough . 
1	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
1	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
0	it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
0	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
1	when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 
0	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
1	the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah . 
0	a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
1	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
1	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 
0	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
0	da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
1	when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
0	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
0	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
1	but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
1	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
0	the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect . 
1	but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 
0	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
1	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
0	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
0	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
0	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
0	 . . . a vast adventure that bristles with romance , action and heroism . 
1	from that moment on nothing is as it was before . . . 
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
1	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
1	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
1	this documentary of cameroon's repressive political realities begins with the 1990 publication of an open letter to president biya calling for a national conference and the immediate arrest of the letter's author and publisher . 
1	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
0	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
1	a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her . 
0	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
1	but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 
0	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
0	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
1	now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . . 
0	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
1	he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 
1	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
1	after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
0	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
1	dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . . 
0	it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
1	their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
