0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
0	all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
1	who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
0	the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
1	the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
1	he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
0	should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans . 
0	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
1	while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
0	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
0	hawn lets it all hang out in this film and i have to admire her guts . sarandon is equally bold and daring in her portrayal of a woman who has lost her way in a closet full of beige suits . 
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
1	an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 
1	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
0	a real step forward for the digital video revolution . 
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
1	mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
1	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
0	the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
1	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
0	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1	but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
1	when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
1	now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
0	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
1	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
1	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 
1	filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape . 
1	maggie finds that life can take many unexpected turns as she discovers mateo has risked a dangerous trip at sea and he has made it to miami . 
1	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
1	but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
1	it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 
0	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 
1	patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
1	 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 
1	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
1	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
0	rises and falls on the strength of its individual episodes . mostly , it rises , though its extreme length ill suits its anecdotal structure ( or perhaps vice versa ) . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
0	unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
0	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
1	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
1	young juan antonio has been challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by se&#241 ; or maximiliano , a decorated military officer who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 
0	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
0	it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
0	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
1	mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
0	[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
1	adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
0	the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
1	his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 
1	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
0	it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
0	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
1	so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
1	as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
1	the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 
0	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
0	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
1	while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
0	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
0	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
1	together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
1	little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
0	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
1	the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
1	graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
1	in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
1	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
1	a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 
1	scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
0	the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
0	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
1	however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
0	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
1	in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
1	it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
0	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
1	she's a brilliant lawyer with a sharp , strategic mind . 
1	moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
0	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
0	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
1	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 
1	their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
1	in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
1	their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
1	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
1	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 
1	the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect : no more and no less . 
1	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 
0	unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
1	fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 
1	 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
1	sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
1	she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
0	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
1	based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
1	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
1	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
0	fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
1	after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
1	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
0	 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
1	with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
1	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 
1	it is marta's simple video that proves to be the most compelling , triggering a series of events that effects all five students and forces them to re-evaluate their own belief in the power of motion pictures . 
1	poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart . 
0	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
1	he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
1	yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
1	but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
1	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
0	we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
0	life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
1	vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
1	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
1	a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
1	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
1	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
0	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
1	the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
1	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
1	only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 
0	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
0	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
0	compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
1	james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 
0	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
1	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
1	sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
1	suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 
0	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
1	a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 
1	he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
1	in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
0	this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
1	prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 
1	chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
1	but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
0	'[sex and lucia]is so seductive and profound , it's as if we're witnessing a greek myth coil and flower . . . '
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
0	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 
1	documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
1	the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 
1	the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
0	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
1	based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting . 
0	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
1	with a court martial to keep visser and the germans distracted , mcnamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant , enlisting the unwitting help of young lt . tommy hart . 
1	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
0	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
1	set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
1	but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
0	veteran actor serrault and rising newcomer seigner . . . pitch their performances perfectly , skilfully underplaying to match carion's understated direction . 
1	 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 
0	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script . 
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
0	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
1	daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
0	certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
0	like lisa gossels' children of chabannes ( 2000 ) , which tells another little-known story about french villagers who saved 400 jewish children , shanghai ghetto is a celebration of humanity . 
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
1	henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
0	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
1	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
0	in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
1	rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 
1	mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
0	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
0	the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
1	however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 
1	the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
1	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
1	the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
1	in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
1	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
1	when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
0	bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
1	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
1	the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
1	big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 
0	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
1	the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
0	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
1	johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
1	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
0	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
1	a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
0	berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 
1	 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
0	 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
0	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
1	but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
1	to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
1	tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
0	 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
0	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
0	glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
1	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
1	kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife . 
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
1	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 
0	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
1	he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
1	adrien , a former high-flying bank robber , recently released from prison and suffering from an incurable form of cancer . . . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
1	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
1	the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
1	horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 
0	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
1	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 
0	just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
0	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
0	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
1	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
1	in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
1	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
1	contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
1	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
1	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
1	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
0	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
1	he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
1	le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
0	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
1	rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 
1	now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 
1	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 
0	for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
1	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
1	twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
0	beautifully written and directed and packed with excellent performances . 
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
1	by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
1	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
0	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 
1	as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 
1	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
1	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
1	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
1	on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
1	decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
1	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
1	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
1	he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 
1	the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
1	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
1	gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
1	the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
0	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
1	'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
0	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
1	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
0	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
0	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
0	his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
0	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
1	he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
0	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
1	penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
1	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
1	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
1	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
1	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
1	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
1	she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
1	indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
0	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
1	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 
0	it's sweet and romantic without being cloying or melodramatic . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
1	keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
0	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
1	they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 
0	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 
0	if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
1	but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them . 
1	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
0	it's incredibly enjoyable to watch derrida pick apart , and fight against , the very process and premise of making a film about someone , particularly him . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
1	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
0	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
0	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
0	icon-bashing has never been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado about something . 
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
1	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
0	like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
1	he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 
1	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
0	as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
1	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
1	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
1	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
0	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business . 
1	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
1	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
0	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
1	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
0	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
0	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
1	she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 
0	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
0	while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
1	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
0	i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
1	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
1	ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
1	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
1	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
1	she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 
0	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
1	just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
1	john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 
1	the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 
1	the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 
0	windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
1	it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
0	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
0	viewed as a travelogue of the little-known indian community that prospers on a little-known island , trinidad , the mystic masseur is successful . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
0	you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
1	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
1	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
1	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
1	told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 
1	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
1	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
0	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
0	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
1	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
0	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
1	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
0	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was . 
1	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 
0	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
0	you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
1	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
1	burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
0	maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
0	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
1	documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
0	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
1	unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
1	they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
0	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
0	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
1	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
1	after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
0	both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
1	both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
0	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
1	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
0	ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
1	the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
1	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
0	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
1	the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
0	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
0	van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
1	but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
1	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
1	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 
1	rachel soon finds herself involved with the playground and on the killers hitlist . 
1	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
1	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
1	this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
0	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
0	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 
1	after that incident matt goes into the woods , looking for dawn . 
1	how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
1	now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to help his mother and survive the wilderness . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
1	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
0	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
1	but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 
1	but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
1	awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
1	who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? " 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
1	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
0	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
1	after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 
0	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
1	he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
0	call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
1	the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
1	it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
1	in return for a small plot of land , george agrees to search for princess lunna . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
1	moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
0	yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
0	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
1	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 
1	later in life , reinalda has achieved fame and fortune - two of the three things she has always desired . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
1	yeh kaisi mohabbat ( ykm ) is a romantic thriller . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
1	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
1	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
1	the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . . 
1	now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 
1	two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less . 
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
1	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
0	just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
0	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat . 
1	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
1	fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 
0	 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
1	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
0	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
1	it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
0	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
1	the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
1	one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 
1	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
1	as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
0	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
0	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems . 
1	the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 
0	i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
1	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
0	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
1	thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
0	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
1	she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
1	the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
0	kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
1	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
0	an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
1	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
1	skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
1	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
0	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 
1	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
0	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
1	fred , daphne , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
0	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
0	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
1	shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 
1	the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
0	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
0	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
0	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
1	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 
1	when the us government " recruits " him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
0	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
1	a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one . 
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
0	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
0	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? ! 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
1	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 
1	what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
1	he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
1	but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it . 
1	when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
1	meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
1	once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave . 
1	while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love . 
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
0	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
0	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
1	after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
0	a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
1	a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
1	the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
1	a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
1	the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film . 
1	una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
1	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
0	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
1	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
1	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
0	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
1	the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
1	after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 
1	she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
1	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
0	maybe the title should have been confusions of a dangerous mind , though the confusion , in this case , can be pretty sublime . 
0	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
0	rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
0	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
1	if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 
1	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 
1	as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 
1	max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
1	join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 
1	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
0	it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
1	moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
0	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
0	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
0	the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
0	it's dumb fun slapped silly , a new franchise inspired by the bond films that's not far from the porn its title promises ; the film is a veritable orgy of outrageous stunts . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
1	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
1	even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters . 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
1	the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
1	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
0	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
0	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 
0	the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma . 
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
0	a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
1	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 
0	the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a " by marlowe " verdict positively earth-shattering . 
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
1	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
1	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 
1	locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
0	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
0	resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
0	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
1	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
1	he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
1	they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
1	the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 
1	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
1	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 
0	armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller . 
1	while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 
1	billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
1	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
1	willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
0	this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
1	guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
0	 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
0	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
0	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
0	aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmán does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
1	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 
1	the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
0	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
0	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
1	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
1	the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
1	two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world . 
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
0	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
1	given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
1	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
1	this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
0	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
0	a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
1	shown as an episode of " the south bank show " . 
0	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
1	however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 
1	their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
1	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
0	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
1	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
0	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
1	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
1	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
1	however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 
1	because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
0	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
1	hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
1	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
0	charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
1	the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
0	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
0	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
1	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
1	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
1	anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 
1	unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 
1	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
0	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
1	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
0	where as many films of this nature linger on the hard , the ugly , the blood , or just the stylistic ; empire focuses on the thinking , the love , and even the light-heartedness , as well as the violence . 
1	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
0	a witty and suspenseful tone poem with a magnetic isabelle huppert as a perverse , central character . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
1	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 
0	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
1	an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
1	nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons . 
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
0	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
1	his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 
1	west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
0	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
0	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
1	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
0	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
0	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
1	a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 
0	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
0	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
1	when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
0	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 
1	guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 
0	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
1	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
1	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
1	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
0	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
1	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
0	i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
1	veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 
1	it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
1	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
1	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
1	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
1	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
0	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
0	more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
0	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
1	based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 . 
0	your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
0	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
0	 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
0	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
1	the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 
1	upon getting together on their spring break , they realize that they are bored in their small suburban connecticut hometown . 
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
0	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
1	vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
1	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
1	he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
0	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
1	mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
0	occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club , in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances . 
1	in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 
1	in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
0	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
1	ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 
1	her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
0	[jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations . 
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
1	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
0	one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
0	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 
1	among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
1	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
1	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
0	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
1	the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
0	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
1	based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
1	with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 
0	one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
1	the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
1	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
1	 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
1	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
1	nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
1	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
0	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
1	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
1	when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
1	her daughter siri , whom , in this way , she turns into her virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's first cloned human being . 
1	the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
1	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
