0	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
0	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
0	an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
0	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense . 
1	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 
1	there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 
1	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 
1	the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
0	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
1	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 
1	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 
1	but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 
0	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
1	this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 
1	from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
1	documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 
1	devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 
0	let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
0	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 
0	nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 
1	mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 
0	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see . 
1	teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
0	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
1	this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 
1	he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 
1	hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno . 
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
1	people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
1	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 
0	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second . 
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
1	hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 
1	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 
0	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner . 
1	a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
1	meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
1	their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
0	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 
1	anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
1	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
1	palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie . 
1	matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 
1	set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 
1	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 
1	the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
1	after a confrontation with a house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the weasley house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in a flying car . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 
1	not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 
1	in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 
1	two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
1	pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong . 
1	as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex . 
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles . 
1	the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 
1	with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way . 
0	 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
1	this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic . 
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
0	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
0	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 
1	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 
0	just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
1	his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 
1	whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins . 
0	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
1	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
0	quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
0	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 
0	a witty screen adaptation of this classic comedy of manners with its generous supply of snappy one-liners . 
1	using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
0	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
0	it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
0	a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
1	together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
1	by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 
1	while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
1	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
0	it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
0	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
1	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
1	thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
0	attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 
1	a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops . 
1	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 
1	a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 
0	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
1	working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
1	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 
1	this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere . 
1	awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
0	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
1	chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 
1	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children . 
1	he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 
0	bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
0	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 
0	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
1	and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 
0	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
1	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
1	toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
0	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible . 
0	 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
0	it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
1	young nicholas and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father dies and the family is left penniless . 
0	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
0	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
1	not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 
1	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 
1	she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 
0	skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 
0	this is riveting stuff , especially in its account of how refugee culture and community spring up almost overnight . 
1	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 
0	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
0	the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
0	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
1	a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 
1	while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan . 
0	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
1	determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 
1	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years . 
1	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 
0	entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
0	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
0	if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
1	a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
0	hawn and sarandon hit the ground running , and are so funny and goofy that they distract and delight us . 
1	the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
0	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
0	it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
1	for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
0	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
1	a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
0	measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 
0	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
1	barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 
0	five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
0	it will take a strong stomach for the ordinary viewer to maintain an appetite for pinochet apologetics after this litany of suffering . 
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting . 
1	a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 
1	the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 
0	an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
1	then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
1	amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 
1	five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 
1	but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 
0	birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
0	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
0	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 
1	new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
1	when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
0	parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
1	charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
1	he has a vast knowledge of modern photography and develops photos for various customers at the sav-mart . 
0	trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 
1	mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 
0	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
0	in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran música y visuales . . . ¿qué más se puede pedir ? . . . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
1	they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 
1	kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do . 
1	on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 
1	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
1	 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 
0	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
0	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
1	until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 
0	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
1	daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 
0	 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
1	faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 
1	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 . 
1	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 
1	later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 
1	two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 
1	it is marta's simple video that proves to be the most compelling , triggering a series of events that effects all five students and forces them to re-evaluate their own belief in the power of motion pictures . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
1	matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 
1	at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 
1	in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
1	tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 
0	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
1	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 
0	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
1	a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 
1	paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
0	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto . 
0	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 
0	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
0	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
1	we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 
0	béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 
1	but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 
1	in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 
0	we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
0	full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
1	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 
1	one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
1	the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 
1	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
0	van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
1	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 
1	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
0	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
1	tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 
1	no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
1	eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
1	but now , hell is coming back as that black haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to town . 
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves . 
1	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
1	but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 
0	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
1	he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 
1	when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 
1	four friends - one summer - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 
0	this film is difficult to watch for the inhumanity it depicts , but important to see for its factual elements and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of maintaining one's humanity . 
0	often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
0	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
1	he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 
0	this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
1	it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 
1	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
1	her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
1	he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 
0	the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . and vin diesel is the man . 
1	a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 
1	the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 
1	a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 
1	lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 
0	beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
0	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 
0	family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
0	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace . 
1	a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
1	they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 
1	however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
1	meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 
1	but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 
0	dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 
1	when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 
0	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
0	the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	some may quibble that the 144-minute length accommodates at least one too many endings . but such quibbling will diminish in view of the film's overall impact . 
0	accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
1	unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama . 
1	disturbing for its unabashed honesty , our cast of characters both love and despise each other , their very actions acknowledging the pressures inherent in a tightly bonded peer group . 
0	it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
1	a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 
0	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
1	the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	for all the realpolitik underpinnings , this is less john le carre than a tech noir " die hard " in downtown seoul . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 
1	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family . 
1	pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 
0	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores . 
0	it has something of the aura of four weddings and a funeral about it , mixed in with a bit of bridget jones's diary , but the movie's just too different , too risky for huge popularity . 
1	she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
1	it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
1	a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 
0	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
1	for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 
1	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
1	now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 
0	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
1	a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 
0	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
0	it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 
1	hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 
0	 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
1	does the new all-girl group desert have anything to do with it ? 
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations . 
1	among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 
0	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
1	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
0	this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic . 
0	 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ? 
1	it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 
0	 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
1	the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity . 
0	even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
1	their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
1	in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 
0	thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
1	loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
0	the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
1	the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief . 
1	are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 
1	later he is catering at a party featuring a wise old guru , who gets drunk and passes out . 
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 
0	for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
1	no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water . 
0	an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world . 
1	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
1	everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
1	rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 
1	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 
1	simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 
0	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
0	even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
1	as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 
1	sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
1	philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 
1	jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
0	as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should . 
1	 " on the afternoon of july 1 , 1981 , los angeles police responded to a distress call at 8763 wonderland avenue and soon discovered a grisly quadruple homicide , later compared to the gruesome slaughter at the tate household at the hands of the charles manson family 10 years earlier . 
1	 " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 
0	may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 
1	at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 
0	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
1	journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 
0	the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
0	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
0	one of the more intelligent children's movies to hit theaters this year . 
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center . 
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 
1	in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 
1	after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 
1	the film , a follow-up to " jack the dog " , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together . 
1	trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
1	spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 
1	when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 
1	this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 
1	nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
1	the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
0	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
1	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 
0	the movie itself is timeless and universal , at once artless and sophisticated in its ability to engross . 
0	it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
1	set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 
0	a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
1	he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 
0	the special effects and cgi , uneven in sorcerer's stone , are all spit-shine and shoe-polish in chamber of secrets . there isn't one hair out of place . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
0	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
1	when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four " pork chops " ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . 
1	in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 
1	however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
0	the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
1	this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 
1	it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen . 
1	through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
1	chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
0	the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun . 
0	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
1	for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
0	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
0	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 
1	graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
1	sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
1	dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 
0	inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
1	a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
1	a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing . 
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
0	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 
1	meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 
1	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 
1	conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 
0	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
0	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss . 
0	a cogent yet hilarious indictment of our soul-destroying urban existence . 
1	ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 
1	moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 
1	straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 
0	de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking . 
1	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
1	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 
0	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
1	while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 
0	chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
1	his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
1	after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
0	the cast fits very convincingly into the nightmarish landscape of a ravaged country . 
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
1	haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 
1	her husband , eric , becomes obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's moves become increasingly unpredictable . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
0	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 
0	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
0	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
1	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
1	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 
1	shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
0	 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
0	 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
0	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 
1	they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons . 
1	but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 
0	compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art . 
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
0	graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens . 
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 
1	the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 
0	 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
0	in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 
1	sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 
1	but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
1	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
0	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun . 
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
0	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
1	in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 
1	how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
1	steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 
0	playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
1	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 
1	her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 
0	throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
0	a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
0	comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video . 
1	in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
1	meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 
0	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
0	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
0	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
0	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
1	in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 
0	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 
1	in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
0	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 
1	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 
0	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
0	makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
1	his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 
0	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane . 
1	an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 
1	ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed . 
0	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
0	 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
1	through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 
0	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
0	a powerful , compelling and intelligent if imperfect work . . . a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not . 
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 
1	based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
1	mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels . 
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
0	[cuarón has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 
0	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
1	19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
1	after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 
1	mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch . 
0	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
1	he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 
1	but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list . 
0	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 
1	a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
1	winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
0	what makes this latest version of the four feathers the best so far are the beautiful desert locations ( in morocco ) , and the superb action sequences . 
0	director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
1	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 
1	this is the story of some of those who left . 
0	tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le ciné ma de qualité lives on . 
1	in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 
0	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
1	she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
0	just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
1	fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
1	while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
0	[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip . 
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 
0	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
1	fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 
1	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 
1	but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell . 
0	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 
0	worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 
0	fans can rejoice that mr . deeds is a close third behind happy gilmore and the wedding singer on sandler's list of quality credits . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
0	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
1	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 
0	 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
1	jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 
1	but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
1	a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem ) 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
1	the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
1	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
1	a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 
1	of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
0	the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
0	a lyrical if sluggish excursion set in war-torn iranian kurdistan . 
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion . 
0	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	a haunting , rich film . . . [fraser] and caine blend beautifully with their sweet-and-sour mix of acting . 
0	while 'manhunter' takes the prize for stylishness , 'dragon' is much scarier and more emotionally involving . 
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
0	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
0	not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
0	 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic . 
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 
0	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities . 
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
1	paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 
1	but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 
0	the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
1	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 
1	he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
1	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 
1	they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
1	but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 
1	once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable . 
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
1	further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 
1	each vision shows the son at a different age and at a different stage in his pursuit of his life long love , isabelle . 
0	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
1	in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 
0	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
1	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 
0	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
1	a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
1	when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
1	a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves . 
1	the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 
1	one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 
1	but he finds an unlikely ally in sofia , beno's sultry mistress . 
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	how long can gus bishop perpetrate the scam and remain in the shadows while his legendary alter ego basks in the spotlight as the next big thing ? 
1	he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 
0	this follow-up boasts most of the felicities of the original . 
1	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 
1	but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 
1	meena's growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
1	what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
0	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
0	in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
0	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
1	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 
1	the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 
1	soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 
1	at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
1	the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
0	although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
1	erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 
0	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
0	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 
1	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 
1	mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
1	at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 
1	simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
0	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
0	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
0	despite cramming in numerous clichés , mehta still manages to put a fresh and funny spin on the proceedings . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
1	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 
1	but then nora is revealed and tactics need to be changed . 
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club , in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances . 
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 
1	a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 
0	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
1	but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time . 
1	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
1	the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 
0	a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
0	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
1	it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains . 
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
0	a movie that's full of deft , off-center observations about the world of filmmaking . 
1	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
1	will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ? 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
1	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 
1	unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses . 
0	a moving portrait of a man who has lost his place in the world . 
0	unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 
0	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions . 
1	nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
1	toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 
1	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 
0	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
0	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
0	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
1	but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 
0	boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 
1	making use of homemade steel helmets and chest plates to stop bullets , they committed a series of robberies from 1878-80 , when kelly was captured and hanged in melbourne . 
1	the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
0	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 
1	the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 
1	as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
0	you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
1	t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
1	on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
0	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
0	sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written . 
1	together , they work through their mutual mistrust and their shared grief over the death of carlos' mother rosario . 
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
1	consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
1	this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 
1	but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
0	a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself . 
1	this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
1	when tom goes away for a few days , lori , with the help of best friend , monica , investigates the disappearance of helen . 
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
1	woody allen plays val waxman , a film director , who was once big in the 1970's and 1980's , but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . 
1	she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
0	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
1	also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
1	the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
1	sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . 
0	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- the kind whose impact slowly sneaks up on its audience and haunts them long after leaving the theatre . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
1	their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 
0	it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
1	frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
1	rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
0	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals . 
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry . 
0	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
0	if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat . 
0	just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
1	women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
1	when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 
1	it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 
0	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
1	together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . " 
1	the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 
1	nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
0	it's a rosy coming-of-age romp that refuses to see the horror even in the severed heads from the guillotine . 
1	le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 
1	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 
0	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
1	amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 
1	in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 
1	after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
1	soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did . 
1	after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 
0	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 
0	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 
0	it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
0	only the charm and attractiveness of the cast keeps this movie from the remainder bin . 
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
1	locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
0	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
1	that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse . 
0	[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
0	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
0	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see foster feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here . 
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
1	she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 
0	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
0	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty . 
0	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
0	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 
1	she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 
0	painted with broad strokes but with a palette of rich , colorful details . 
1	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
1	when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 
1	the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 
0	an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
0	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
0	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
1	now that they're back together , they should be perfect for each other , except that dre's about to marry lawyer reese and sidney claims not to be interested in dre romantically . 
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
0	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
1	they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
1	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
0	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
1	but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
0	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
1	unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
0	rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 
1	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
0	 . . . a rousing fantasy of bloodless revolution against capricious colonial rulers . 
1	stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 
1	he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 
1	but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
0	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
0	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
0	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
1	when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 
0	most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
0	skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 
0	 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
1	the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 
0	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
0	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
1	now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 
0	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
1	accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 
0	nearly 75 years after the fact , the matter still hasn't given up all its secrets , but denis' film comes close to a definitive , deeply disturbing account . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
1	the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
0	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
0	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
0	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
0	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 
1	the super 16mm black and white film was shot in a remote farm in argentina . 
1	when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
0	 . . . a vast adventure that bristles with romance , action and heroism . 
1	heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 
1	it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x . 
1	but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 
0	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 
1	for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
1	she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 
1	 " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 
1	moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 
1	this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 
1	although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 
0	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
0	red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs . 
1	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
0	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
0	not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise . 
0	 " die another day " is a worthy entry in the pantheon of james bond movies . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
1	stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 
0	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit . 
1	in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
1	as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 
0	scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
1	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up . 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
1	the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 
1	caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 
0	at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
0	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
0	craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
1	can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 
1	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
0	while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 
0	it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here . 
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake . 
0	an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons . 
1	the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 
1	he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 
1	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 
0	it can't be easy starting a movie in the middle , staying in the middle , and then ending it in the middle . . . 
1	 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 
1	the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 
0	watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode . 
0	the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 
1	when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 
0	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth . 
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
1	the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities . 
0	it's gripping entertainment in a popular vein -- the police procedural -- that nevertheless follows no preconceived formulas . 
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 
0	an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
1	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 
1	later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 
1	the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
1	in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 
1	the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
0	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current . 
1	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
0	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
0	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 
0	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
0	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
0	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back ! 
0	i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons ! 
1	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying . 
0	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
1	two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 
1	although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 
1	in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 
0	even though the film runs a brief 71 minutes -- finishing off with footage of reno talking with new yorkers on the street in the aftermath of 9/11 -- reno shows enough gusto to make you a fan . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
0	narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
0	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
1	emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
1	on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 
0	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
1	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
0	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely . 
1	the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
0	an amusing , even joyful second take on e . b . white's beloved children's book . 
0	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
1	meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 
1	paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 
0	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 
1	an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 
1	faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 
1	a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
1	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
0	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
0	hey , happy ! is great for stoners , queens , ravers and , yes , parties . 
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t . 
1	caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together . 
0	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 
1	he also tells him that they are not gems . 
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 
0	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
0	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
0	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power . 
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 
1	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 
0	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
1	a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
0	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
0	its battle scenes are dynamic , its pageantry spectacular and its characters appealing . 
0	by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
0	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
0	wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny . 
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
0	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
1	her lover , a psychiatrist twice her age , becomes twisted in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance . 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
1	ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 
1	clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 
1	the good-hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 
0	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
1	when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 
0	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 
1	when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 
0	a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
0	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
1	this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
1	in a world ravaged by disease , disasters and hatred - a worldwide plan which dates back more than 2000 years has been implemented to show people that there's more to life and living then just waste . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
1	but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
0	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
0	 in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
0	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
1	but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
0	a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz . 
0	it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders . 
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 
0	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
1	a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 
0	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
1	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
0	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
1	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 
1	and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
1	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 
1	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 
1	by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 
0	an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
0	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
0	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 
0	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end . 
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 
1	diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling . 
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
0	there is a fine psychological thriller about divided loyalties and ambiguous identities buried with all the rubble and the maimed bodies , and mr . han and ms . kim play their slightly absurd roles with brisk sincerity
1	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
1	stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
0	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 
0	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
0	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 
1	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
0	the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
1	when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 
1	but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 
1	the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 
1	it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
1	soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 
0	un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
1	zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
1	a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
1	marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 
0	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
0	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
1	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
0	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
0	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help . 
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
0	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
1	this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 
1	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 
1	the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are played by wendie malick and stephen root . 
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 
0	a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end . 
1	amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
0	directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
1	the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 
0	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
1	immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
1	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
0	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
1	she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
0	this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
0	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
1	he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson . 
1	no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
0	cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
1	besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 
1	whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 
1	a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 
1	paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 
1	although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
1	steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
0	an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
0	by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
1	a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 
0	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
1	they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
1	ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
1	one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
1	and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
1	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
0	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
1	daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 
1	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
0	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 
1	the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
0	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast . 
1	with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 
1	twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
1	but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 
0	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
0	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
1	to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
1	however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
0	returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same . 
0	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
1	after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 
1	set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 
1	 " the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
1	the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
0	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
1	she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare . 
1	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines . 
1	but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 
1	mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 
0	if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
1	when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 
0	this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
1	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 
1	brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 
0	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
0	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
1	there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 
0	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
1	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do . 
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
1	the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 
1	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted . 
1	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
0	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
1	led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 
1	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 
0	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
1	he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
0	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
1	the film contains colour home movie footage of the film's production which where shot by charles' brother sydney . 
0	 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
1	at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 
1	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
1	jason must get back , therefore he gets a new and unique mask , and goes after the kids of elm street . 
1	uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
1	shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 
1	after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
1	the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 
1	from that moment on nothing is as it was before . . . 
1	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 
1	he'll do anything to make her love him again . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
1	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
1	irish eyes are crying explores the relationship between two irish-american brothers in boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough , working class irish neighborhood . 
1	this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
1	the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 
1	he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
0	there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
1	niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
1	warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 
1	he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 
1	sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 
0	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
1	diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 
1	john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 
1	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 
1	how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
0	eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
1	alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
0	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
0	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
0	the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties . 
1	some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
0	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
1	ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
0	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
1	bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
0	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
1	will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 
1	the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 
1	once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father . 
1	young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 
0	the documentary makes no waves and tries to be as upbeat as the musicians it tells about . 
1	each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
0	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
0	chabrol ratchets up such a level of suspense -- and huppert gives such a mesmerizingly deadpan performance -- that merci pour le chocolat turns out to be as irresistible as a piece of dark chocolate . 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 
1	jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs . 
1	after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
1	a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 
0	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
0	 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 
0	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
1	a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 
1	an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 
0	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 
1	throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 
1	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
1	when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 
1	a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
0	it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
0	stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
1	also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 
0	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
0	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
0	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
1	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
0	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
1	discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 
1	where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own . 
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier ! 
1	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 
0	a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 
0	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
1	when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 
1	in a place soon to be known as the valley of death , in a small clearing called landing zone x-ray , lt . colonel hal moore ( mel gibson ) and 400 young fathers , husbands , brothers , and sons , all troopers from an elite american combat division , were surrounded by 2 , 000 north vietnamese soldiers . 
0	a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
1	however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
0	this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement . 
1	majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 
0	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
0	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dénouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature . 
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 
0	a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
1	throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 
0	ratliff speaks the truth about these pentecostal extremists with fairness and compassion , while the well-intentioned churchgoers shout only semi-truths in a frightfully un-christlike fashion . 
1	in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
0	not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
1	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 
0	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 
1	oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
0	testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 
0	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic . 
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
0	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
0	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 
1	when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 
1	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 
1	using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 
0	some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 
0	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
0	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 
1	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
1	mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 
1	abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 
1	told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
0	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
0	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
1	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 
1	the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 
1	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 
1	elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
0	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
1	in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
0	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
1	now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york . 
0	it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
1	academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 
0	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
0	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
0	reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
1	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 
0	the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
0	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
0	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
0	uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity . 
1	is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production . 
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare . 
1	but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
0	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 
1	in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
1	the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
0	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
0	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
1	knowing that the legend of the temple describes ancient mystical music as the key to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an expert musicologist . 
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
0	breen's script has deadpan wit , though it becomes a little labored as it goes along . 
1	as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 
0	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away . 
1	legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 
0	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
0	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
1	to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 
0	a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors . 
1	however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance . 
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 
0	no , the dangerous lives of altar boys does not exist in a state of perfect grace . however , its sins are forgivably venial , because its virtues are palpably human . 
1	the war of the ring has now begun . . . 
0	time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
1	a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 
0	we become complicit in our own seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
0	a major achievement and something to get excited about . 
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
1	dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of chateau d'lf for 13 years , where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him . 
0	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
1	'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 
0	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
1	when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
1	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
1	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 
1	he thinks she is plotting against him with their mutual psychiatrist . 
1	just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 
1	but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 
1	former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy . 
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 
1	when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
0	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
0	 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
0	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 
0	 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
0	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
1	lucy is a theater student at the city university . 
0	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure . 
1	there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
1	a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
0	the script , like the character danny , is complex and needs your attention . . . 
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
1	 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 
0	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 
0	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't . 
0	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
0	leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
1	and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 
1	at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
0	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
1	aka is the story of a disaffected youth's search for love , status , and identity in late 1970s britain . 
1	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
1	blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
0	the movie is engaging and well acted , though , and the pink panther-style credits and background music are worth the price of admission . 
0	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
0	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
1	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 
0	 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
0	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
1	they all decide to go together and they leave . 
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 
1	the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years . 
0	it's very thoughtful and it's the kind of movie you have to discuss afterwards . 
1	hank azaria and vincent d'onofrio also star as does screenwriter/comedienne heather morgan as the canine wife . 
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 
1	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
1	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
0	its aims are modest -- to make kids laugh as cuba gooding falls down a lot and to show how thrilling sled dogs are -- and it achieves them . 
1	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
0	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
0	there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
0	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 
0	by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
0	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
0	borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 
1	the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie . 
1	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
1	mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 
0	making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
1	{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 
0	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
0	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story . 
0	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
0	the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
1	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
1	her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 
1	paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
0	a great looking , trippy adventure . i can't wait for the next one . 
0	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
1	henry romero discovers , samantha already knows ( firsthand ) of the evils young men do . 
0	what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
1	can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
0	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
0	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
0	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
0	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
1	there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
1	when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 
1	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 
1	one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory . 
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
0	the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
1	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags . 
1	based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 
1	while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 
0	the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
0	witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
1	with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 
1	lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 
1	joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
1	but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
1	she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 
1	igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 
1	on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
1	his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him . 
0	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
1	to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 
1	however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
0	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
0	this is scorsese's finest work , and one of the best films of 2002 . 
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
1	one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 
1	wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
1	postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
0	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 
0	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
0	like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 
1	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
1	a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
1	 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 
1	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
1	before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
0	i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
0	the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict . 
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 
0	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
0	no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 
0	[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
0	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 
0	ki-duk kim has created a provocatively violent and sexual film with an oddly idyllic sensibility . it's a mysterious but ultimately rewarding experience . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
0	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
1	that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	when so many hollywood films actively discourage higher brain functions , you have to give changing lanes credit for giving you food for thought . 
0	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
1	beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
1	and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 
0	although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
0	as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
1	beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 
0	martha is rich in contradictions , her tightly wound personality running counter to the sensual pleasure she offers others through her art . 
0	this isn't a good movie ; this isn't a bad movie . this is a movie that dispenses with the whole good/bad paradigm and exists on its own plane of reality . 
0	 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
0	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
1	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
1	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
0	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 
1	likely to give up their first born before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but three methods of raising the money . 
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
1	so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
1	but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
1	things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 
1	before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
0	time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
0	that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
0	the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
1	it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
0	with its young cast and an appealing balance of uplifting attitude and irreverent humor , drumline has the potential to be a sleeper hit . 
1	a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
0	 " the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
0	there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
0	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
0	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
1	koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
1	older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 
1	steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
0	mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 
0	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
1	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
1	they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 
0	quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
1	in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 
1	clerick john preston ( bale ) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . 
0	thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
1	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
1	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 
1	with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
1	after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 
0	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
0	a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
1	to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 
1	inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law . 
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
1	the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
0	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
0	grief is awkward and funny and strange sometimes . so is moonlight mile . 
1	the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 
1	who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? " 
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 
1	peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 
0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit . 
1	identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
0	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
1	in the year 2009 , a new drug known as blood heat is developed . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 
0	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
1	'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
0	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 
0	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
1	now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 
0	while " real women have curves " suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay , it's a bright looking , well-acted charmer . 
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 
1	 " pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . . 
0	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
1	on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 
1	when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 
0	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 
1	when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 
0	 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
1	like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 
1	lukas and his friends live in a commune out in the woods . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
1	neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 
0	at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be . 
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 
0	offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster . 
0	an entertaining , grimy view of the traps of machismo tucked inside a cop thriller . 
1	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
1	as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
1	to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 
0	it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
1	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
0	the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
1	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 
1	he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit . 
1	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
1	daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 
1	using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 
1	it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 
0	mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
1	young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 
0	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 
0	those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
0	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
0	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
1	josh is about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at being a vampire . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
1	under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 
0	more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
1	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
1	daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman . 
1	the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
1	he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 
1	and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 
1	behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
1	as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
1	later in life , reinalda has achieved fame and fortune - two of the three things she has always desired . 
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
1	a seemingly inconistent game of " taboo " brings out the vile secrets and sexual desires from a group of six college graduates at a remote mansion where one of them flips out and proceeds to kill the rest in the manner of their secrets . 
0	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
1	befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 
1	the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 
0	one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
1	armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 
1	john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
1	their assignment : using equal parts skill and humor , catch arnold gundars , one of the world's most successful illegal arms dealers , and foil his treacherous plans for the plane . 
0	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
1	adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 
0	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
1	jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 
1	in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
0	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
1	enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
0	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
1	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 
0	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
0	for all its bile and incoherence , in praise of love is filled with haunting images and insights . godard may be a lion in winter , but the lion still roars . 
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri . 
0	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
0	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
1	the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
1	due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
1	it is survival of the fittest as the friendships are pushed to the limit . 
1	the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 
0	britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 
0	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
1	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
0	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
1	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 
1	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 
0	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
0	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
1	a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 
0	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
0	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic . 
1	he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida . 
1	en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 
1	disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 
0	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
1	a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
0	an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
1	ricky is an ex-con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . 
1	and a good portion of them were caught on film . 
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 
0	a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
0	 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
1	ultimately , anime moves far beyond the realm of simple cartoons , encompassing a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , cutting edge imagery , music and fashion . 
1	in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 
1	katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 
1	intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 
0	this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
1	nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 
1	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 
1	ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
1	before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 
0	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
1	brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
1	three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 
1	in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 
0	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
0	…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
0	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
0	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
1	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 
0	for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
1	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 
0	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
0	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 
1	he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 
1	amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
0	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 
1	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men . 
1	the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 
0	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 
1	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
0	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 
1	with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
1	the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 
0	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination . 
1	arrested and imprisoned in a juvenile detention facility , leland comes in contact with an aspiring writer and prison teacher , pearl madison ( cheadle ) . 
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
1	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
1	in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
0	we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
1	even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 
1	on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 
1	he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world . 
0	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
1	in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
1	maggie finds that life can take many unexpected turns as she discovers mateo has risked a dangerous trip at sea and he has made it to miami . 
1	throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
1	a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 
1	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 
1	beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 
1	multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 
1	a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
0	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
0	by turns whimsical and absurdist , babek payami's secret ballot is a slight but likable iranian film with the flavor of a shaggy-dog story conceived by samuel beckett and directed by jim jarmusch . 
1	what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 
1	epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 
0	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
1	rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 
1	this is the story of " johnny " , a struggling blues musician estranged from both his family and the country roots he left behind . 
1	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
1	their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 
1	renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
0	da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
1	their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
0	 ( e . t . ) stands as a perfect movie-going experience that i don't believe will ever show signs of age . 
1	the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
1	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
1	and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 
0	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
1	thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury . 
1	meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 
0	all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
0	talk to her manages to be female-centric even as it explores the lives of men . 
0	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
1	joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 
0	sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
1	years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 
0	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
1	the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
1	amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying . 
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 
1	he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 
1	the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 
1	it has been 10 years since a 13 year old eve has left her homeland and emigrated in nyc with her parents . 
1	he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one . 
1	unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 
1	the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 
0	reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
1	it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
0	 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 
1	a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
1	as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 
0	the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
0	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
1	guns , money , and a chance at paradise . . . 
0	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
0	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
0	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 
0	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
1	because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
1	in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 
0	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
1	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 
1	the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
1	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 
0	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
1	a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 
1	an account of screenwriter charlie kaufman's ( cage ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the orchid thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant dealer who clones rare orchids then sells them to collectors . 
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
1	tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
1	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
0	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
0	absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
1	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
0	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
1	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
1	the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 
0	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
1	with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 
0	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
0	together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
1	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 
1	in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
1	charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 
1	she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 
0	how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
1	along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 
0	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
1	as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 
0	a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
1	a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 
0	b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun . 
0	kitchen scenes playing as obvious and light-hearted metaphors for states of mind and relationships , mostly martha leaves a few elements hanging that it probably should have tidied . 
1	when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
1	when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 
0	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
1	but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature of females , the doctors hatched the theory of counter-transference to explain their feelings . 
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 
0	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
1	hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 
1	he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 
0	the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
1	set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 
0	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 
1	first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
1	but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 
1	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
1	a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her . 
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
0	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
1	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 
1	these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 
1	while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
1	while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
0	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent . 
1	forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation . 
1	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
0	for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
0	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
0	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
1	west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 
1	kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks . 
1	nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
1	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 
1	august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 
0	a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular . 
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
1	however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
0	it's a fascinating look into what spielberg truly loves , but it's not so much a masterpiece as a nice milestone . 
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
1	danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 
1	sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
1	never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 
0	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
1	it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
1	now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 
1	this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 . 
0	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
0	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
0	this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
0	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
0	hatosy establishes himself here not only as the bona fide star of this little ensemble film , but also as a talent to be watched . 
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
1	 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 
0	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
0	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
1	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 
0	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
1	now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 
1	she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 
0	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 
0	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
0	a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
0	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 
1	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 
1	in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
1	he resorts to whiskey-smuggling , a traditional family occupation . 
0	a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
1	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 
0	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
1	the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
1	set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 
0	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
0	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
0	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
1	in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 
0	ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
1	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
1	in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
1	from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
1	the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
0	 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
0	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 
1	mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 
0	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless . 
0	simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
1	frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
0	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it . 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
0	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? " 
0	kiarostami profoundly displays uganda's life and culture through his touristy pictures , as deceptively simple as the alphabet
0	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
1	but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
1	mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 
0	has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
0	bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
1	ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 
1	marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
0	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood . 
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions . 
0	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
1	the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 
1	but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 
1	seeing no help forthcoming from the sheriff , she turns to the only other person who can help her , jack barone , a grieving father whose daughter , lisa , was the victim of a similar slaying ten years prior . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
0	unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
0	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney . 
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 
0	 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality . 
0	 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 
0	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
1	when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 
1	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 
1	now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 
0	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
1	both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 
0	serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
0	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
1	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
0	panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
1	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
1	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
0	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
1	daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
0	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
0	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
0	more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
1	to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 
0	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
1	the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 
1	to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 
0	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 
0	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
0	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 
1	and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 
1	the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 
0	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 
0	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe . 
1	her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 
0	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
0	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long . 
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
0	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
1	exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
0	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
1	it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
0	writer/director burr steers knows how to show irony , the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
0	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
0	kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
0	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
0	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
1	now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 
1	in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
0	quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 
1	an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 
0	an entertaining but unspectacular film . pretty goofy at times - but the slick and gleefully self-indulgent violence will not disappoint the action fan . 
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
1	lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 
1	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience . 
1	mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
0	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
1	helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 
0	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
1	with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
1	the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 
1	these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
0	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
1	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 
0	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 
0	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 
1	he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
1	jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 
0	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps . 
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 
1	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
1	he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
0	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
1	tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 
0	you get the feeling that the filmmakers did their homework and that they're here to represent a harsh reality . " 
1	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 
0	 " the best disney movie since the lion king " 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
1	amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
0	the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
1	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 
1	the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 
0	the whole of sunshine state is less than the sum of its parts , but the parts are often lovely , and always true . 
1	although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 
1	 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 
1	after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
1	with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in . 
1	gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell . 
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
1	so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
1	after a failed marriage to ali macgraw , a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder , he disappeared into near-obscurity . 
1	lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
1	at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 
0	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
0	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
0	'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
1	when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 
1	still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 
1	denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 
1	everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
0	mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
1	imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
1	high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 
0	moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
1	blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 
1	while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 
1	this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 
1	in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
1	to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 
1	with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 
1	this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 
1	as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 
1	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
1	and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 
1	when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 
0	this lively klasky csupo production is a convincing amplification of the popular nickelodeon series . 
1	although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 
0	it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
1	ruthie &#38 ; connie demonstrates the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully funny and deeply complex women who live their private lives in public and with passion . 
1	as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
1	she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 
0	the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
1	emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 
1	upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 
0	 . . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
0	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
1	 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
1	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 
0	a quirky noir film crammed full of wonderful characters made memorable by excellent acting . 
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
1	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 
0	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
0	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
1	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 
0	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
0	impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
0	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider . 
1	no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 
1	 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears . 
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
0	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
1	dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 
1	this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 
0	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
1	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
0	adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
1	dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
1	danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 
1	jose is a street performer having an extended dry spell with women . 
0	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
1	arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 
0	nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
1	from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 
0	 " brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
1	four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 
1	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
0	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring . 
1	with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
1	it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
0	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 
0	brilliantly captures the brightness of the light , the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of mexican motifs that informed kahlo's art . 
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
0	a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 
0	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low . 
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 
1	a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
0	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
0	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
1	they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
1	as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 
1	but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 
1	each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 
1	a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 
1	oliver , an emotional gigolo who doesn't belive he deserves to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but ends up meeting lulu . 
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
1	fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
0	a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
1	since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed . 
0	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
0	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 
1	marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 
1	along the way , their political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city board of education for domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 
1	the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
0	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
1	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 
1	with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 
0	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
1	a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 
0	the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
1	the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 
1	today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 
0	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 
1	after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
1	just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
1	they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 
0	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
0	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
0	curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
1	he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
0	less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
1	she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
1	when the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes himself into the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 
0	as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
0	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
0	an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
1	meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
1	steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 
1	and what better place for romance than coney island ? 
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
0	this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 
1	till the end of time , they will stay that way . 
0	coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 
1	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
1	billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 
1	the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
1	'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 
1	ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 
1	 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 
0	if you're able to go , relax and lower your expectations , you might be carried away by it . 
0	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
1	three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 
0	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them . 
1	the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 
1	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 
1	when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 
1	people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it . 
1	three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 
0	it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
0	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
1	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
0	[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 
1	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
1	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 
1	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
1	based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 
1	but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
1	his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma . 
0	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
1	one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 
0	more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
1	in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 
0	grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 
1	ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 
1	shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing . 
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
1	this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 
1	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
1	he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 
0	to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
0	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
1	this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor . 
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas . 
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
0	significant for the chilling moments when the children echo the very sentiments that continue to fuel the middle east conflict . 
1	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 
1	lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 
0	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
1	when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 
0	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
0	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game . 
0	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment . 
1	nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 
1	3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit . 
0	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
0	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
1	dr singh's son ( anil kapoor ) stands by his father helping him raise funds for his fathers dream , with the sudden death of dr singh his son falls into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#38 ; gracy singh ) and his father's dream that is yet to be fulfilled . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
0	how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts . 
0	little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 
0	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
1	the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
1	greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 
0	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
1	his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 
1	discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
0	you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
1	as anakin is left behind to protect padm&#233 ; , his feelings for her grow into something more than friendship . 
0	taken seriously , it's not much to think about , but taken as a dirtier version of other girlie films . . . it's at least entertaining and sexy fun . 
0	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
0	captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
1	dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 
0	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
1	they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 
1	a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
1	their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 
0	it's halloween season , and while ghost ship can't hold a candle to the ring for true primal scares , it'll probably stay respectably afloat until at least most of the candy is gone . 
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
1	the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 
0	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
1	his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 
1	club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 
0	as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
1	the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 
1	playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 
1	the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 
0	the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
1	one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 
1	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 
1	the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 
1	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 
0	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
0	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
0	like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
0	reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
0	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
1	you see what he sees , you feel what he feels , you experience the horrible delusions and the verge of insanity as he struggles to find the thinning line between reality and the subconscious . 
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
1	differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 
1	they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
1	a car crash has cut short his promising baseball career , and with his dream of playing in the major leagues destroyed , sean turns to alcohol . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
1	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 
1	when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
0	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
0	charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	enigma is anything but enigmatic about affairs of the heart , and is well worth seeing for its elective affinities alone . 
1	chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 
1	but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism . 
1	'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 
1	reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 
1	they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 
0	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 
0	it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
1	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
0	 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
1	because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 
1	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
0	becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
0	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
0	utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
1	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
0	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
0	proof that a newcomer indie filmmaker can infuse some new life into the downtrodden loser character study . 
0	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
1	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes . 
1	loss is a film eulogy for six firefighters who died in the collapse of the world trade center , sept 11 2001 . 
0	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
0	a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
1	the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts . 
0	 " lovely and amazing is a story about real people . these people are insecure about their lives . they aren't convinced that there's some inner beauty about them . they see themselves as i suspect most people do , mostly for the flaws . however , these are still
0	moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
0	 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
1	until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 
1	neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 
0	leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 
1	a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
1	in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 
1	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
1	and the date of his life turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 
1	a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 
0	 " argento splatters her colorful life on the screen like an adolescent's diary , trusting others to sort through the fascinating mess . " 
1	a mafia don ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind such a will which starts an unending war between guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's son-in law and vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 
0	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
0	a continually fascinating exploration of the physical and psychological pain and pleasure of a bizarre relationship . 
0	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
0	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
0	rewarding for its brash originality and daring in etching a portrait of a man who refuses to take life's disappointments lying down . 
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
1	on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love . 
1	torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 
0	soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
1	against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 
1	he was arrested for dealing drugs , he spent five years in jail and was banned from france for two years . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 
0	both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 
0	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
1	paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 
1	with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 
1	as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 
1	the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 
1	the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
0	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
1	not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back . 
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
0	the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
1	just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 
1	in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
0	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would . 
1	 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
1	in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 
0	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
0	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
1	vijay singh rajput ( amitabh bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank . 
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
1	but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
1	he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
1	but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 
0	it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
1	however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
1	he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
1	he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 
0	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
0	it's shocking , intense , and totally creepy , yet compelling and sad . jeremy renner gives a career-making performance . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
1	during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable . 
1	using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 
1	it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 
1	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
1	when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer . 
1	eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
1	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 
1	this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 
1	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
0	formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
1	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
1	may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 
1	problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
1	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
1	he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience . 
1	dance teacher ramu leaves india to go to america and join his cousin who is rich and successful . 
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 
1	schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
0	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
0	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
1	an alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house . 
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
1	his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 
1	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
1	four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 
1	based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
1	by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
0	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved . 
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
1	melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 
0	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
1	in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 
0	the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
1	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
1	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 
0	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 
1	enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 
0	in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen . 
0	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones . 
0	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
0	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
1	bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 
0	mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
0	film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
0	pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
0	 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
1	bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
0	this movie in a single breath goes to the very heart of the russian experience . 
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
0	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 
1	in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
1	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
1	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise . 
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in 
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
0	deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
1	voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
1	on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
0	as it turns out , you can go home again . 
0	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
0	a zippy , enormously entertaining heist movie that , with a kind heart at its core , encompasses the styles of yesterday , today , and if we're lucky , maybe even tomorrow . 
0	i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 
0	despite his self-consciously obscure plot mechanics , medem keeps you off-balance and intrigued . 
1	this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 
0	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
1	but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
0	a surprisingly good-natured throwback to the '80s heyday of the body-switching genre . 
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
1	matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
0	the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing . 
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
1	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder . 
0	while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery . 
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
1	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
1	the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems . 
1	as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 
1	as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship . 
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
0	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
0	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 
0	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
1	will taco chick and salsa girl assist superfag in defeating this evil menace ? 
1	will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 
1	everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 
1	ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
1	edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 
1	his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
1	sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 
1	they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
0	a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
0	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 
0	kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys . 
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
1	lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
1	once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
1	beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
0	while the subject's appeal is limited and the film's 106-minute running time excessive , viewers who do respond to the pic will find it raw , real and cathartic . 
0	an entertaining quasi-critique of modern manners whose comedy arises out of its gravity -- and a winning performance by ricardo darin . 
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 
1	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 
1	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
0	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the way he imagines his worlds . 
0	this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous . 
1	hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
0	the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
1	3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
0	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
0	bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
0	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 
1	a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
1	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
0	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
0	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
0	 . . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy . 
0	though the material sounds complex and potentially sleep-inducing , director robert j . siegel paints his portrait of boredom and discontent with deft strokes . 
1	a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
0	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
0	 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
0	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
1	his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 
1	he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 
0	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
0	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
1	katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 
0	it's a celebration of self-confidence and a slap in the face of a society that cherises impossibly unnatural physical perfection . 
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
1	she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 
1	then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u . s . city , and america is quick to blame the russians . 
0	a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 
1	a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 
1	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 
1	on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
0	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
1	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 
1	after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
0	 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
0	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
1	an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
0	the film presents a brief but intriguing biography of its subject . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
1	they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions . 
1	ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 
1	 " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
0	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
1	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 
1	seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
1	on their way back , they drive through death valley . 
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
0	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
1	hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 
1	along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 
0	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
0	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
1	we participate in a world full of joy , hate , love and racism . 
0	fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
0	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
0	a shrewd and splendidly volatile b movie structured around a highly original gambit of suspense . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
1	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
1	one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
1	paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 
1	desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick . 
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 
1	the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
1	if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 
1	a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 
0	it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny . 
1	the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 
1	however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 
0	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
0	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
1	the corrupt wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark lord sauron , and his slimy assistant , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of man and middle-earth . 
1	told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
1	however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all the others in the pub ended up in a shootout with scores of policemen . 
0	this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane . 
1	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
1	tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
1	shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 
0	functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 
0	the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
0	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
0	a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
0	what should have been an entertaining cinematic souvenir solely for wilco fans ended up becoming a smart , involving , and occasionally infuriating film
1	two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
1	a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 
0	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
0	the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
1	she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
0	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
1	una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 
0	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
0	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
1	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
1	aftermath asks the question , " what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a bank robber ? " 
1	based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
1	after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
1	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
1	however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 
1	edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 
1	nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 
1	babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 
1	she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the fate of a loved one , her son , who will never return . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
1	an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 
0	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
1	his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 
1	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
0	not only an exuberant portrayal of hip-hop's self-healing , it's a compelling meditation on the future of making music in america . 
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 
0	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
0	este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
0	everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 
1	together they travel to england and meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get the imperial seal back . 
1	as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 
0	i'm not sure all about lily chou-chou made sense in my head , but it made sense in my heart . 
1	rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 
0	despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 
1	it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student . 
1	in the hilarious comedy daddy day care , two fathers ( eddie murphy , jeff garlin ) lose their jobs in product development at a large food company and are forced to take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy and become stay-at-home fathers . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
1	lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 
1	when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
1	mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard . 
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 
1	the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on . 
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
0	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
0	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
0	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
0	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
0	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
1	the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
0	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
1	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
1	thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 
1	mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
0	like most of godard's films , in praise of love makes you stay awake and lean forward . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
1	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each . 
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
0	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
0	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
1	william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 
1	behind in rent , losing any real day jobs they have , they plan a bank robbery . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 
0	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
1	werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 
0	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
1	still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
0	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
0	harmless entertainment for kids and just smart enough to appeal to parents . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
0	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
0	 " frida " is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . 
1	how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script . 
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 
1	he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
0	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
1	especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
1	while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 
1	seducing ben is only beginning ; she becomes his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , as her obsessions quickly spiral out of control into betrayal , madness and , ultimately , murder . 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
1	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . " 
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 
0	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 
0	waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 
1	the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 
0	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide . 
1	the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
0	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
0	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
0	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
1	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
1	they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 
1	johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 
0	jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
0	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
1	after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
0	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
1	in a botched attempt to organize a protest against their " slave labor " , the women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of the effects of the prison industrial complex on female inmates . 
1	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 
1	her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
1	a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 
0	life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
0	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
1	though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 
0	has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
1	brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 
1	wishing to free himself more firmly he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack of power . 
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
1	it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 
1	they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 
1	stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 
1	when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
1	as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 
1	she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 
1	his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 
0	what we have here is an examination of fathers , sons and sibling rivalry - squared and sideways
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
1	uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 
1	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 
0	it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
0	no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação , harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também . 
1	an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 
0	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
1	ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 
1	robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 
0	the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film . 
1	however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
1	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 
1	former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 
0	if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
0	it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 
1	rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
1	they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed . 
0	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
1	can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ? 
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way . 
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 
1	but when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . which 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing . 
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
1	the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 
0	this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 
1	she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
1	on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 
1	meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
0	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
1	these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
1	this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 
1	at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 
0	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll . 
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 
1	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 
1	with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 
0	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
0	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
0	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
1	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 
0	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
1	this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 
0	it is psychedelic , hypnotic , exhilarating and horrifying , and sometimes all at once . 
1	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
0	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
1	mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women . 
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
1	their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
1	oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
1	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 
0	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
1	it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 
1	patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
1	the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 
1	albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
1	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 
0	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
0	my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
1	he lures her back to las vegas to continue her career . 
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
1	now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
1	by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
1	during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 
0	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . . 
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
1	all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 
1	many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped . 
0	it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
0	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 
1	they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
1	jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 
0	at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty . 
1	a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
0	the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 
1	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 
1	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
0	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 
0	the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
1	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 
0	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 
1	she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 
0	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
0	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
1	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 
1	but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . . 
0	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
1	plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour . 
0	 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
0	you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
0	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
0	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
0	each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
1	he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 
1	chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road . 
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 
0	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
0	ms . rampling , still beautiful well into her 50s , has an earth-bound weariness and lively spirit that convey a life fully and tragically lived . 
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 
0	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1	while staking out his next assignment--the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss--contract killer malik reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape . 
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 
1	ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 
1	thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
1	the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 
1	john may have been an unfortunate victim forced to watch the brutal murders . 
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 
0	watching possession is a movie experience not much deeper than you'd get on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so soft . 
0	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
1	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 
0	it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
1	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
0	it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 
0	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
1	each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 
0	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
0	spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
1	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 
1	this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 
0	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 
1	but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 
1	but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 
1	 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 
0	a winning crowd-pleaser with more than enough juice to crossover with fans of all stripes , regardless of whether they even know anything about soccer or not . 
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
0	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
1	a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 
1	when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 
1	in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 
0	a mind-bender in the best sense of the word : the spell it casts follows you all the way home . 
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés . 
1	he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 
1	however when sex and greed rear-up between the good crims and the bad cops , the consequences are both bizarre and fatal . 
1	a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 
1	by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 
1	cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 
1	the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change . 
0	iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy . 
1	unfortunately , the insurance would not cover his son's transplant . 
1	a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 
1	crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 
0	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
1	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 
0	dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
0	 . . . the best movie featuring the next generation cast , and a movie that's ( almost ) every bit as great as [treks] ii and vi . 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
0	for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
0	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
1	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
0	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
0	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis . 
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
1	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 
1	regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
0	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
1	in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 
1	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
0	this is a beautifully sensitive portrait of a unique school and , a very special teacher . 
1	adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 
1	both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 
0	a painting brought to life , the tracker is an enigmatic visual essay set on a vast australian landscape . 
0	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
0	very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 
0	all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
1	two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown and joe grifasi ) and an oddball pathologist ( dylan baker ) investigate a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the results aren't pretty . . . 
0	watching living actors interact against the lush , studied inertia of the backdrops gives us the impression of history come to life , or statues magically transformed into living creatures . 
1	alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 
0	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
1	ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
1	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 
0	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 
1	the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
0	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
1	johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 
1	there are only three u . s . states left . 
1	this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
1	they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
1	the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
0	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
0	' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
1	only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 
1	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 
1	jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films . 
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 
0	never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
0	windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop . 
0	but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
0	punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
1	but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 
1	as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 
1	an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
0	a modest and acerbically clever escapade that relies more on wit than excitement . 
1	sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
0	fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 
1	fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 
1	originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 
0	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
1	being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
1	set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community . 
0	[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
1	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
0	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
1	what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
1	in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
1	long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 
0	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
0	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
0	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
0	i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
1	and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 
1	we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
0	in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
1	life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
1	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
1	after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 
1	a dedicated scientist , aided by his clueless wife , rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster , curious space aliens , an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send-up of the best of the b movies of the 1950's . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
1	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 
0	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 
1	set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive . 
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 
0	straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
1	'wheatfield with crows' takes the life of vincent van gogh and sets it in the modern day music industry . 
1	the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 
1	the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 
1	jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 
1	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 
1	josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 
1	looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 
1	portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 
1	when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 
0	one of the film's strongest achievements is the way it manages to get so much mileage out of such a simple concept as spirals . 
0	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
1	re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 
1	can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 
1	'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
0	 " i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
1	it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
1	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
1	culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 
1	suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 
0	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod . 
1	rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 
1	it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 
0	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
0	it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
1	yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 
0	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
1	he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 
0	the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic . 
1	but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
1	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
0	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
1	joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
1	explores the question of whether it's ever too late to say 'i love you' . 
1	they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 
0	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
1	an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 
1	tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 
1	things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 
0	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 
1	fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 
0	the you-are-there style ultimately enhances abc africa's ability to get inside the soul of uganda , and of the viewer . 
1	when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 
1	velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 
0	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch . 
0	that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind . 
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy . 
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
1	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
0	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
1	in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 
0	the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
1	september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 
0	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
0	as the empire strikes back was to star wars , so harry potter and the chamber of secrets is to last year's freshman introduction . in short , it's bigger and better . 
1	 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 
1	obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
1	bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 
1	together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying . 
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 
1	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
1	toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 
0	 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
1	the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor . 
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
0	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
1	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 
0	one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever . 
1	then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 
0	the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
0	 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's . 
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 
1	the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 
0	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
1	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 
1	the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
0	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
0	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
0	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
1	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	the santa clause 2 " goes down as easy as an eggnog on christmas eve . 
0	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
0	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
1	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
1	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
1	your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 
1	as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 
0	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
0	unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
1	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
1	spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 
1	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 
1	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
1	here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
0	resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless . 
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
1	the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 
0	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
0	friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
1	brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 
1	when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
0	the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
1	if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
1	pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
1	this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
1	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
1	they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 
0	with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology . 
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one . 
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no . 
0	this is the film training day wanted to be . 
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star . 
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
0	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
1	yeh kaisi mohabbat ( ykm ) is a romantic thriller . 
1	looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
1	ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 
0	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
0	 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
0	the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
1	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 
1	seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 
1	there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
1	he has come to earth to spearhead an invasion . 
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
1	they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 
1	claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
0	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
1	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
0	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
1	by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
0	the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story . 
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
1	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 
1	one night , tobias knifes his father in the back , and escape to switzerland . 
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist . 
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time . 
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself . 
1	only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
1	one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
0	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
1	the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
1	before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further . 
0	 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing . 
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't . 
1	leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 
1	calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
1	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
1	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
1	women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 
0	 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
1	this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 
1	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
0	it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 
0	 . . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans . 
1	however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 
1	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 
1	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
1	while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 
0	 . . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world . 
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
1	a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
1	gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 
0	it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
0	what emerges is not only a portrait of some of the more colorful denizens of mayport , florida , but also a moving examination of the power of art to transform lives . 
1	the pursuit eventually takes us back to l . a . , where secrets begin to get exposed . . . . 
0	witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
0	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 
1	as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 
1	connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
0	the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc . 
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
0	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess . 
1	in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans . 
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
1	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 
0	a bit of whimsically warped history elevated by the central performance of ian holm . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
0	what is unique about his secret life is that an assumption of intelligence , tolerance , and acceptance is already made , and thus the movie can focus on telling a compelling story . 
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
1	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 
0	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
1	beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 
0	large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 
0	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
1	the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 
1	this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
1	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 
0	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste . 
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
0	unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
1	even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters . 
1	pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
0	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
1	rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 
1	they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
1	it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 
1	when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
1	they are known as masters of the runaway art . 
1	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 
0	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 
1	though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it . 
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
0	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
1	his loyal assistant is killed and he is framed with the evidence at the chinese border by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement agency . 
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
1	but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 
0	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 
1	once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave . 
1	with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 
0	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 
0	shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
1	a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 
1	new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream . 
0	the quality of schwentke's visuals . . . provides ample compensation . 
1	partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 
0	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult . 
1	now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 
1	she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 
0	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
1	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
0	 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
1	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government . 
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
1	the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
1	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 
1	on the other side of town a woman named jill valentine tries to escape from the city while battling zombies and matt adison , now transformed into a monster called " the nemesis " who is bent on destroying all who live . 
1	unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered . 
1	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 
0	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
1	but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 
1	but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 
0	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
0	like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
1	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
1	she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor . 
1	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
1	one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 
0	a gripping little b-movie of more mood than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its modest promises . 
0	lightly reflective and consistently entertaining , lucky break is an easy-to-take diversion . 
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
1	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 
1	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 
1	paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods . 
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
1	set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
1	they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 
1	surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
0	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
0	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 
1	there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 
1	semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant . 
1	the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 
1	however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
0	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
1	there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	beautifully acted , smart and funny . it steers clear of being a maudlin soap opera normally found on lifetime . 
1	centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment . 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
1	but on his latest case , the stakes are higher for vincent--the suspect he's investigating is his own son . 
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
1	kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 
0	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
1	harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
1	however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
0	an unsentimental albeit heartfelt eulogy to the firefighters who paid the ultimate price while saving new yorkers . 
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
0	a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
0	featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
1	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 
0	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 
1	the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
1	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 
0	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
1	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
1	television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
0	a witty coming-of-middle-age comedy with hilarious performances by first-time director tony shalhoub and wife brooke adams . 
0	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
1	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 
0	a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
1	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
1	pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 
1	amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
1	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
0	an engaging documentary about people who live in unusual homes . 
1	as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 
0	the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
1	thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 
0	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
1	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 
0	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
0	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
1	money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 
0	the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level . 
1	meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 
0	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
0	the importance of being earnest resonates and inspires rapid-fire bouts of laughter , perhaps even a few giggles from the author himself , whom posterity has rewarded the last laugh . 
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 
0	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
0	the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
0	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
1	when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
1	living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 
1	set in a future britain , this black comedy revolves around one day in the life of a drug dealer . 
0	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
0	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
0	the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
1	the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 
0	this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity . 
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 
0	there's a sweetness to it that's disarming and diverting -- mostly thanks to performances of slater , richard dreyfuss as his partner in crime , and portia di rossi as dreyfuss' daughter . 
0	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
1	then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't . 
0	a cathartic work that honestly tries to make sense of the unimaginable . 
1	the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 
1	doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1	now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 
1	clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency . 
1	ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 
0	if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie . 
0	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
0	great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes . 
0	what's most unusual about beijing bicycle in terms of recent chinese history is that any form of class conflict is depicted at all . 
1	 " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " petrified " by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . 
1	ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
1	but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 
0	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
0	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future . 
1	he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world . 
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 
0	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
0	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
1	skin deep is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 
0	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull . 
0	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
1	as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 
1	jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god . 
0	if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
0	truth is stranger than fiction , so the old saying goes . in 'catch me if you can , ' it's also more entertaining . 
1	becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 
1	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 
0	one of the best films that showcase a romance within the context of an artistic movement
1	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 
0	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
0	it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see . 
0	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another . 
1	when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
0	like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
0	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
0	 . . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . . 
0	chris columbus , the director , does a real wonderful job of being faithful to the story but also taking it into a cinematic era . 
1	clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
1	her mother , ingrid , is a beautiful , free-spirited poet . 
1	beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
1	on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
1	when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 
1	dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
1	she went on to be in brazil's first-ever fashion parade/show . 
0	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
1	prosit has made a lot of enemy&#180 ; s . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
1	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
1	blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 
0	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
1	rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 
0	a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
1	while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness . 
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor . 
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
0	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
1	elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
0	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 
1	she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
1	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 
1	with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
1	the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
1	 " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . 
0	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 
0	its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
0	the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
1	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
0	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
1	with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 
0	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
1	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
0	a merciless thriller , threateningly beautiful to look at and eerie to behold . 
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
1	peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 
0	' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
1	kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 
1	context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
1	the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
1	vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
1	these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
1	at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 
0	it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
0	while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
1	this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 
0	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
1	but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 
1	a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 
1	soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
0	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
1	after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 
0	 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion . 
0	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems . 
1	the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 
0	this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
1	detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case . 
1	as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 
1	those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 
1	the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
1	ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 
1	devdas was besotted by her stunning beauty and longed to have her back . 
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 
0	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
1	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
1	chomsky's voice may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , based on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in this chronicle comprised of interview footage , and various talks he's given . 
1	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
0	winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
0	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
1	their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
0	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
1	a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars . 
0	 . . . the movie just seemed to be trying too hard to be something different . . 
0	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
1	tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them . 
0	for all its random chaos , divine secrets works because of the power of its convictions -- and its cast . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
0	a universally accessible family fantasy with a stronger sense of its time and place than most live-action films can claim . 
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
1	he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 
0	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking . 
1	jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
0	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
0	[o]ften a capable documentary on an interesting subject , even if it doesn't probe as deeply as it could . 
0	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 
1	the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
1	we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 
1	after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater . 
1	the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 
1	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
0	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 
1	johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 
1	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 
0	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him . 
1	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 
1	now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . " 
1	several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
1	the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 
0	writer-director debrauwer does manage to wrap things up in an * * * -pleasing 78 minutes . it's isn't much , but it's a lot more than callous callie khouri did with that " ya-ya " mess . also , there are no irritating hats . 
1	a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 
0	with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
1	torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans . 
1	jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 
0	if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy ! 
1	in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	his loving wife maya vows to help get him out of jail . 
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 
1	and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail . 
0	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
1	donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 
0	you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 
1	 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
0	a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
1	meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
1	even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
1	boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 
1	when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 
0	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
1	kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences . 
1	the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . . 
1	having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 
1	christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 
0	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . 
1	all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
1	still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
0	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
0	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them . 
0	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
0	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before . 
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
1	two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
1	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
0	the first half is a hilariously on-target send-up of " barbarella " -style flicks and the larger-than-life egos that propelled them , the second half is a ponderously self-absorbed meditation on the angst of a budding artiste . 
1	using two separate filmmaking teams ( an all-white crew filming white residents and an all-black camera crew filming black residents ) , two towns of jasper captures very different racial views by townsfolk in jasper , texas , the location for a racially motivated murder of an african american in 1998 . 
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break . 
0	it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
1	moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
1	her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 
0	a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
0	watching les destinées , whose pace may not be for everyone , is to be virtually part of the creative process . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
1	one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends . 
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
0	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
1	as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 
0	the heart of the film is the drop dead sexy drea de matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene . 
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
0	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
0	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
0	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list . 
1	 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
1	after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 
1	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
0	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch . 
1	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 
1	beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 
0	it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals . 
1	the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 
1	at the end of the worst day of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . 
1	two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
1	we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 
1	who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
1	a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 
1	penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
1	the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 
1	missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 
1	in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 
0	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
1	seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 
0	this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
1	a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 
1	here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 
1	it is set in the fantasy world middle-earth , created by tolkien in 'the hobbit' , 'the lord of the rings' , and 'the silmarillion' . 
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
0	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
1	an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country . 
1	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
0	the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
1	documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 
1	a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 
0	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
1	esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
0	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
1	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 
1	a faction of political separatists , led by count dooku , attempts to assassinate her . 
0	every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
1	obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 
1	johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
1	combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
1	luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 
0	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight . 
1	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
0	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
0	depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
0	[reno] may have a few grating gaps in logic and feels as if a good chunk of its story ended up on the cutting room floor , but there is just enough charm and humor peppered throughout to make it feel as if it wasn't a complete waste of time to sit through . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
1	no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 
0	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
0	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed . 
0	what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
1	it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 
0	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
1	little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 
0	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
1	451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
1	juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
1	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 
1	in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time . 
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
0	more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
1	all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 
1	he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 
1	chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 
0	the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
1	it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 
1	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 
1	a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 
0	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
0	sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
0	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers . 
0	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
0	witherspoon and her huge forehead really were pretty funny and this movie was much better than her last effort , " legally blonde . " 
1	set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 
0	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
0	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
1	the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 
0	in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity . 
1	she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 
0	it's an exhilarating blast that makes good use of the large-format screen . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
1	anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
1	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true . 
0	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 
1	when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 
1	using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game . 
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 
0	there's plenty of footage here of some of the world's best djs at work , and it's impressive , even for someone uninterested in the genre . 
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
1	an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 
0	a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
0	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
1	he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
0	the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 
1	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
1	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
0	 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures . 
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
1	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better . 
1	he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 
1	the bay of love and sorrows is a haunting modern tragedy set on the rural shores of new brunswick's bay of miramichi . 
1	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 
1	a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
1	after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
1	he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
0	neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
1	suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 
1	the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 
0	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
1	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 
1	while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 
1	the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 
1	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
0	this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
0	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
0	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
1	with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 
0	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
0	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
0	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
0	responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
0	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
1	one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 
0	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings . 
0	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
1	as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 
1	the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 
1	from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
0	the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
1	the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
0	i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
1	although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds . 
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
0	director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
0	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
1	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
1	sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
1	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 
1	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody . 
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 
1	he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 
0	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 
1	when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 
1	fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 
1	this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
0	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 
1	in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own . 
1	the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 
1	aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
1	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox . 
1	all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
1	 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 
1	regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
1	set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 
0	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 
1	is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
1	blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 
0	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
1	a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 
1	amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 
0	though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
1	also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 
1	ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
1	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 
1	the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful . 
1	one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 
0	in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
1	nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him . 
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 
1	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
1	 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
1	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 
1	after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 
0	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
1	director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
0	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
1	but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
1	as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
1	the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 
1	indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 
1	before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 
1	standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
0	part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
1	mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 
1	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
1	 " the institute " is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
1	a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 
0	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
0	 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
1	in the small town , local cop connie struggles with many sightings of a mothlike creature taller than a man being reported , while john believes that an explanation for his wife's fate can be found . 
1	the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission . 
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
1	when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds . 
0	i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
0	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension . 
1	tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 
1	when simone agrees to a blind date with oliver at the hottest restaurant in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
0	it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
1	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 
1	ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 
0	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
1	gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 
0	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
1	in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 
1	the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 
1	a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john . 
0	halloween : resurrection is surprisingly effective , especially the opening sequence featuring the showdown between laurie and michael . 
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
1	upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
1	the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace . 
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 
1	mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 
1	but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 
1	they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 
1	chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
0	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
1	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
0	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
0	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
1	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
1	the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
1	max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
1	when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 
0	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
0	an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
1	now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
1	in the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood , herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife , eleanor , and the daily grind of work on the chain . 
1	with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
1	a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 
0	the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
1	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 
1	this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 
1	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
0	call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 
1	it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 
1	his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 
0	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
1	nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 
1	after spending the night in the wilderness , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in full combat gear , who promises to lead her out of the woods . 
0	…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending . 
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
0	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
1	no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
1	a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
0	jonah is sunday school lite . but it's told with a comic edge usually associated with the devilish act of laughter . 
0	in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
1	he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
1	this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship . 
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
0	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 
0	nemesis has a delightfully nasty villain and pumped-up action , albeit along familiar lines . 
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 
1	through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 
0	si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
1	when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 
1	this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 
1	when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
1	the result of an old cia mind-control experiment gone bad , felice quick is on the loose and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 
0	clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 
1	when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 . 
0	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
0	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
1	a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
0	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
1	one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
1	tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 
1	her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 
0	a movie that amply delivers on the epic promise of its title , entertaining , enlightening , and emboldening viewers with its deceptively simple premise and execution . 
0	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
1	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 
1	but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 
0	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
1	he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 
0	could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
1	the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 
0	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
1	he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
1	red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 
0	the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
1	a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 
0	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
0	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 
1	because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
1	chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland . 
1	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 
0	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
1	but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 
1	jimmy sees the tv proposal and returns to town convinced that he can change her mind , however he faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 
0	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
0	rhames is a tightly harnessed bundle of fury , snipes a restrained champion who seems to have made inner peace with the crime of passion that sent him away for life , and falk a riveting delight . 
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
0	the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film . 
0	the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
1	run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 
1	his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 
0	for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
0	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
1	scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
0	the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
0	what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
1	the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 
0	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 
0	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
0	scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
0	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
0	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
0	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
0	this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 
0	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
1	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
0	the film is rich with colorful characters and enlivened by its strong , convincing picture of rural trinidad . 
0	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff . 
1	every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
1	after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
1	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
1	what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 
1	in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 
1	brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
1	these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene . 
1	a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 
0	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
0	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
1	 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 
0	as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way . 
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . . 
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
0	a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature . 
1	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 
1	he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 
1	chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " . 
0	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
1	the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
1	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 
0	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
1	a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 
1	sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
1	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
1	life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 
1	to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 
1	these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 
1	she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 
1	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 
0	a model of what films like this should be like . 
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
0	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
1	aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 
1	it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 
1	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 
1	they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 
1	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 
1	we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 
0	resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
1	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 
0	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
1	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates . 
1	while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 
0	a committed , intelligent and fascinating piece of work with no irony about it . 
1	and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 
1	eventually , he builds a successful career as a us attorney . 
1	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
0	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
1	evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
1	helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 
1	however , the babies turned out to be both women . 
0	the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
0	 . . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
1	as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
1	'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 
1	as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 
1	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
0	nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
1	while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go . 
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 
0	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
1	these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . ' 
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
1	an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 
0	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
1	when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 
1	yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
0	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
1	when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
0	if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
1	they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
1	as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 
1	 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 
0	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
1	diesel stars as xander " xxx " cage , the notorious underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 
1	those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 
1	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 
0	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding . 
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
0	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
0	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
1	he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
1	she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
1	nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
0	no earth-shattering accomplishment , but an unusually smart movie that the whole family can go to without a single person getting bored or talked down to . 
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
1	it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
1	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
1	an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
1	she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 
1	a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 
1	through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 
0	this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
0	aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience . 
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 
0	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving . 
1	disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
0	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
0	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 
1	before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
0	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
1	chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 
1	soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
0	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 
0	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 
1	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
0	director nolan shows here he can handle clever material with a flair . 
1	spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 
1	in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 
1	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 
0	this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
1	soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge . 
0	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
0	a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
1	for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . . 
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
1	the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
1	exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 
0	[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
1	thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 
0	all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon . 
1	he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 
1	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 
1	tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 
0	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
1	what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
1	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
1	as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings . 
0	an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
1	anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 
0	though the characters are sometimes forced into madcap situations for the sake of adding yuks , the film works best when the protagonists are just being themselves
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
0	this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
0	[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 
1	having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 
1	not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
1	luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
0	as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
0	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it . 
1	but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
0	 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right . 
1	police and investigators believed the murders were in retaliation for a robbery days prior to the murders . 
0	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast . 
0	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
0	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
0	its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
1	during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 
0	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 
0	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
1	isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
0	a satisfying charmer that tells a compelling story , and then tops that by offering up a saucy sextet of britain's best veteran actors . 
1	people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 
1	real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility . 
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
1	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 
1	along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 
1	while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 
0	…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
1	a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
1	the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah . 
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies . 
0	a very bizarre blend of reservoir dogs , fight club , unbreakable and croupier . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
1	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 
1	completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 
0	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 
0	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
0	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
1	fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
1	 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 
0	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 
0	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
0	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
0	written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 
1	when sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes completely lost trying to find him . 
1	however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
0	his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
0	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss . 
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 
1	finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 
1	palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 
1	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 
0	a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
0	 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
1	scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 
1	jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 
1	set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
1	soon , the entire team is self-destructing , and bret couldn't be happier . 
1	the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 
1	akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession . 
0	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
1	that's right , a place where people come together . . . 
1	they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
0	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
0	 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
1	the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
1	fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 
0	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
1	'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 
1	the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in fresno , as manuel tries to retain his championship title . 
0	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
1	shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 
0	depressive , slow , darkly funny , unyielding in its formal rigor , and unsettlingly beautiful . 
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 
0	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
0	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
1	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 
0	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
1	recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
0	 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock . 
1	alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 
0	 . . . captures the pain and desperation of adolescent powerlessness and humiliation with powerful intimacy . . . 
1	sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
0	several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare . 
0	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist . 
1	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
1	she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
0	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
1	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 
1	with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
1	in return for a small plot of land , george agrees to search for princess lunna . 
0	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
0	like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
0	 " the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls . 
1	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 
0	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
0	mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
0	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 
1	she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love . 
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
0	a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
0	contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
1	but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 
0	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind . 
0	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny . 
1	soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 
1	he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 
0	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
0	some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
1	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
0	it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
0	from the trembling fury of gheorgiu's tosca to the penetrating stare of raimondi's scarpia , this tosca blazes with passion . at its best , it's sublime . 
1	but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 
1	during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
1	as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
0	 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
0	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
1	this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
0	for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera . 
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
1	geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 
0	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
0	the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
1	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 
1	in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 
1	based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
1	documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 
1	green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 
0	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 
0	mst3k gone kung fooey , kung pow ! makes you chuckle for a bit , but leaves you hungry an hour later . 
1	but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 
1	together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
1	charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them . 
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 
1	soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 
1	the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
1	shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 
1	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
0	undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs . 
0	a middlebrow hybrid that should satisfy most fans of spy movies without blowing them away . 
1	he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
1	their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 
0	it's the extra layer that makes this one , the movie's understanding of how disillusion and inner compromise can gradually separate a young artist from his divine spark . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
0	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
1	cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 
1	two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 
0	it is a tough film to sit through , not out of any violence or perversion , but for its destitution . 
1	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
0	as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
1	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
1	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
0	spirited away has the quality of a dream : it takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along . 
0	though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class . 
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
0	a sparkling cosmopolitan comedy that plays fast and loose with sacred cows of family values . 
1	hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 
1	as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
1	upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in . 
0	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
1	interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . 
0	no way i can believe this load of junk . 
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 
0	a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative . 
0	the film actually gets to tackle some larger questions than one normally finds in the average fireball drama . 
0	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight . 
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
1	when the three precogs , who only work together , floating connected in a tank of fluid , have a vision , the names of the victim and the perpetrator as well as video imagery of the crime and the exact time it will happen , are given out to the special cops who then try to prevent the crime from happening . 
0	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
0	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
0	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
0	a deft script by mike white . . . elevates the usual teen twaddle by grounding the laughs in feeling . 
0	the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
0	it would be a mistake to write this movie off as yet another star is born-type biopic about the rise and fall of a latter&#8209 ; day celebrity . schrader is after something deeper here and even when he misses the mark , the film remains involving . 
1	in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play . 
1	financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league . 
1	his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice . 
1	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 
0	weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
1	she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
1	in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
1	the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 
1	on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
1	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 
1	this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
0	it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing . 
1	susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
1	she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
0	[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound . 
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
1	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
1	when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 
1	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
1	to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma . 
1	enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 
0	genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
1	though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 
1	against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
0	[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
0	birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 
0	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
1	the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 
0	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
0	the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
1	a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 
1	testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
0	if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
1	against improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation on the mysterious isla de muerta . 
1	 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
0	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 
1	in their brief meeting , johnny will get the chance to face his truth , but the truth is never what it seems . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
1	they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
1	to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 
0	this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
1	when they reach la , lucy ( britney spears ) falls in love with ben and against her father's wishes , she stays and she goes to the audition . 
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 
1	investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
1	he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
1	the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 
0	caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
1	known in english at festivals as " weightwatch , " this title captures the essence of the film . 
0	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
0	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
1	as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
1	the unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and drug use . 
1	enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
1	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
0	the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
0	 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense . 
0	devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
0	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities . 
0	it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
1	he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
0	 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
1	at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
1	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
1	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' . 
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
1	unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
1	he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 
0	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
0	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
1	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 
1	as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 
1	however , as ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless . 
1	writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
1	the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 
1	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 
0	 ( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
0	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
0	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
1	'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 
0	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
1	a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 
0	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
0	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
1	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
1	he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 
1	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
1	in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , medical supplies , and defense technology has a secret research facility located half a mile underground called the hive . 
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 
1	an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically . 
0	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
1	investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
1	this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 
0	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
1	it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 
1	20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age . 
1	the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 
1	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
1	the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful . 
1	all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
0	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers . 
0	the film is complex , intricate , interesting and almost hypnotizing , till charlie gets stuck ( the screenplay he's writing is the one you're watching ) . glad he had the gonads to do what he did then , but it subtracts from the overall entertainment value . 
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
0	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 
1	when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
